["Party Starz Entertaintment ; Diverse International Group Presents...The Official\"99 Hour No Sleep\" Super Bowl Weekend Grand FinaleNo matter who wins or loses, this post-game party cannot be missed! Enjoy the drink specials and all night music!The ultimate \"99 No Sleep\"Super Bowl Weekend Grand Finale! Sunday, February 7th, 2010 @ Ink Nightclub-South Beach 717 Washington Ave, Miami Bch, FL 33139.Hosted by 99 Jamz with special appearances by Fast Life Youngstaz. Special invited guests: Billy Blue, Dorrough and Brisco and with performances by various artists and many many more at South BeachMiamis finest venue! This is a party you have to see to believe! This is everyones last chance to make that impression, so donthalf-step, bring your \"A\" gameand party withall of the hottest artists, celebrities, models and superstar athletes that are guaranteed to be in the building!DJ Q ; DJ Slym will ber keepig the party jumping til the sun comes up with the hottest Hip-Hop, R;B, Reggae, Old School and more. Doors open @ 10pm. Ladies are 18+ and 21+ for Gents. 2-4-1 drinks until 1am, plus the best bottle specials ALL NIGHT LONG!!! Were offeringSuper Bowl game ticket stub discounts all night!Dress code isenforced, but its not what you wear but how you wear it!All-Night Drink Specials! For more information; table reservations email: 99hrnosleepweekend@gmail.com or 305.742.4880.This is a 99 Hour No Sleep Celebrity Super Bowl Weekend event!", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Okay everybody, Its Mardi Gras Time. Bring your party attitude, your Mardi Gras Umbrella and your dancing shoes. Were gonna Second Line all around the Party. Heavy Horderves will be served and we have live entertainment and a DJ to dance the night away. There will be line dancing and a soul train line. The paparazzi will be there to catch you in your Mardi Gras finest. Wear your mask. Wear your green, purple and gold. Its a party yall! Dont miss this. Its the party of the year.", "Welcome to London most visited exhibition for buying properties Abroad.London connection arranged the first exhibition for buying properties in Spain at the World Trade Centre, WTC, in the Swedish capital of Stockholm in October 2007. This first and relatively small exhibition attracted 1.500 visitors and proved to be a great success for the 14 exhibitors, who were delighted when London Connection arranged another successful fair in the spring of 2008.The interest among professionals in the international property market grew rapidly. London Connection therefore invited exhibitors from all over the world to participate in the autumn exhibition of 2009, now under the name of \"Buying Properties Abroad\".By Autumn 2010, the exhibitions had grown to such an extent, that there was a need to move to a larger exhibition hall and Olympia Exhibition Hall has been the home ever since for Real Estate exhibitions in London, the flag ship and the largest of London connection exhibitions, Buying Properties Abroad.The next exhibition in London will be the 1st-2nd August 2011 and it will be Olympia Exhibition Hall.The exhibitions are a market place for exhibitors from the whole world who want to get in contact with qualified buyers. Our exhibitors come from over 20 different countries and are made up by agents, constructors and land owners plus other companies related to the business.We arrange different seminars that are all free for the public. In the official folder we give information about these and also the persons responsible. Normally they treat different popular destinations where Scandinavians buy properties but also specific seminars about tax consequences when buying a property abroad, pension abroad and possibilities for mortgages.We arrange a Kids Corner - with personnel taking care of your kids! New started autumn 2010, giving you the possibility to leave your children at the Kids Corner. We will take care of them while you can walk around the exhibition and listen to the seminars. Opening hours: Saturday and Sunday between 10.30 - 17.00. Admission PS500.00Restaurant: In the cafeteria we serve food as well as sandwiches and drinks.Folder: By the entrance the visitor receives a folder where it clearly is stated where the different exhibitors have their stands and in which countries they sell properties.", "", "ADULT ONLY SITE. OUR SITE IS CLEAN AND WELL MAINTAINED WITH A NICELY MANICURED GRASS AREA AND 0.75 ACRE OF HARD STANDING WITH ELECTRIC AND WATER AT ALL POINTS. THE VIEWS OF THE SURROUNDING COUNTRYSIDE ARE UNOBSTRUCTED. OUR SITE IS EASILY ACCESSIBLE EVEN FOR THE LARGEST OF UNITS, WITH CODED ELECTRICALLY OPERATED ENTRANCE GATES.THE PICTURESQUE VILLAGE OF THRUSSINGTON IS TEN MINUTES WALK FROM OUR SITE ON A QUITE COUNTRY ROAD, IDEAL FOR EXERCING YOUR DOG. THERE ARE TWO PUBS THAT SERVE BOTH TRADITIONAL BEERS AND EXCELLENT FOOD. WE HAVE A NEWLY REFURBISHED GENERAL STORE.WE ARE SITUATED JUST NINE MILES FROM THE MARKET TOWN OF MELTON MOWBRAY, WHERE YOU WILL FIND PLENTY TO SEE AND DO IN THIS RURAL CAPITAL OF FOOD. BUS SERVICE TO LEICESTER AND MELTON MOWBRAY RUN FROM THRUSSINGTON ON THE HOUR FROM 0700hrs TO 2000hrs. NO SUNDAY SERVICE.Open All YearPLS NOTE:metered electrcity", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "ALL PROCEEDS WILL GO TOWARD BETTERING OUR FACILITIES IN ATLANTA, GA AS WELL AS GIVING FUTURE BONE MARROW PHYSICIAN SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES.. FEEL FREE TO DONATE AS WEL AS STAY FOR THIS ENJOYABLE TIME FOR FELLOWSHIP.2ndANNUAL BONE MARROW CHARITY BALL AND CONCERT IS BACK AGAIN, LAST YEAR WE RASIED $200,000+ DOLLARS AN ITS ALREADY BEING SAID THIS YEAR WILL BE EVENT BIGGER.. WE HAVE MULTIPLE ONLINE TICKET OUTLETS AVAILABLE BUT THIS PAGE WILL FEATURE AND EXCLUSIVE COMPLIMENTARY 3 NIGHT STAY IN DOWNTOWN ATLANTA PEABODY, COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST AND SEMINAR DAILY ON HOW WE CAN HELP IMPROVE A VERY HARMFUL BUT DECREASING WITH OUR HELP DESEASE IN THE US.THE BALL WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE DOWNTOWN ATLANTA HIGH MUSEUM FOR CONTEMPORARY ART. MINUTES FROMT THE PEABODY HOTEL. FOR MORE INFO VISIT US ONLINE AT WWW.NOMARROW.COM WE WOULDLIKE TO THANK EVERYBODY IN ADVANCE FOR THERE ATTENDENCE, THIS EVENT IS SURE TO BE A GREAT ONE. ALSO FOR SPONSORSHIP PACKAGES PLEASE CALL 205453-2547 FOR MORE INFO.", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Join us for two full days of continuing education sessions, tours, networking, awards, exhibitors and entertainment at the 2012 PA-DE ASLA Annual Meeting. This year, our theme is rethink | refocus | revitalize.;For a complete description of all of the sessions offered, please visit our website at padeasla.org", "Youve danced around with the idea...Now take a step towards your first ZUMBA&reg; class with;Emma Stoner;and the Salsa Viva Dance team!Class ScheduleSample our NEW Tuesday morning \"Specialty Zumba&reg;Toning\" class with Cindy at BOUNCERS JOONDALUP - &pound;2.50 creche for Mums!! A New Year, A New You!Thank you for your continued interest in learning Zumba&reg; with Salsa Viva Dance!We welcome you to sample any of our classes in 2012. Share the fun, social experience and sweat it out with a Friend!", "The Kimmel Center - Verizon Hall", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Join us in Beautiful, Historic New Bern on the Waterfront for a Night of Fun ; Laughter!!!", ";Denson Art gallery is home to many talented and motivated artists. The original founders of Art First envisioned a place where these artists could exhibit their work. At Art First Gallery one will find art of various genre from fine arts in a traditional manner to contemporary and abstract works. Paintings as well as artist rendered prints, photography, polaroid transfers, ceramics, original paperworks, fine weaving, sculpture, jewelry and mixed media are represented", "Wrap with Pride is a campaign to help stop violence in the LGBTQ communities.Were looking for you to help ~ Dare to Stop Violence with us.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Our Wrap with Pride Campaign shows your support to Dare to stop the violence in the communities.We are going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior.We want to give the communitiesknowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.Bygiving the communities the knowledge ~they will have the compassionfor acceptanceto Dare to stop the violence.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; acceptourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; acceptothers unconditionally.Dare to help stop violence support us by getting your \"Wrap with Pride Condom\" Salute LGBTQ by flying this flag on your pole.As our way of giving back to the communities we have special surprises randomly placed in the Pride Condoms.~ Rent paid for a year~ Gas paid for a year~ Groceries paid for a year~ Car payment for a year~ Scholarship to school of choiceHelp us to help our communities Dare To Stop The Violence.", "Meet Blue October at Webster Hall! THE MEET ; GREET TICKET DOES NOT INCLUDE A TICKET TO THE SHOW. The Blue October Meet ; Greet includes the following: - Enjoy watching Blue October soundcheck before the show - Meet the band - Get a signed poster and take a photo with the band Our meet and greet will start at 5PM sharp and you must arrive on time. Please be at the main entrance no later than 4:50PM. The start time of the meet and greet will be subject to change due to weather or reasons beyond our control. If for any reason the meet and greet is cancelled, you will be refunded the cost of the upgrade. You will be notified in advance of any changes via email. [Please make sure the email address associated with your ShowClix account is active and one you check regularly to ensure you do not miss any notifications.] If you miss the meet and greet due to no fault of the band, crew or venue, you will not receive a refund. Any age restrictions that are set for the show apply to the meet and greet. We cannot make any exceptions on the age restrictions for the meet and greet.Webster Hall125 E. 11th StreetNew York, NY 10003", "", "", "", "The Master Mind Alliance Success Clubs International r 1970Listed #1 Out Of 50,000,000 On Google Under \"Success Clubs\"Weekly \"Successercising\" - Success Achievement Workshops/Brainstorming MeetingsOn Your Telephone - In Your Home Or OfficeJoin Us In Our Weekly Meetings As We Work Together On: Creating, Building, Governing, Controlling, And Maintaining: Your Own Economy - Your Own Income - Your Own Security - Your Own Freedom - Your Own Time - Your Own Power - Your Own Self-Mastery - Your Own Potential - Your Own Opportunities - Your Own Creativity - Your Own Self-Reliance - Your Own Peace Of Mind - And Your Own Destiny.Destiny Is Not A Matter Of Chance: It Is A Matter Of Choice. It Is Not Something To Be Waited For; But Rather Something To Be Achieved.... William Jennings BryanAs you know, to remain successful, you must have a maintenance program. Just like a healthy and strong body; if you don't continue to work out, you start slipping backwards. So - To fulfill this important need, we have developed a great \"Success Achievement And Maintenance Program.\" We call it the \"Master Mind Alliance Success Clubs International.\" At our M. M. A. Meetings we come together as a group to \"Successercise.\" - To continue studying and mastering success principles, brainstorm on how to solve problems and overcome obstacles, give support to each other, and to network with other success achievers.", "toronto dance hall party is yet to be the biggest Bash on the Eastside.Share it out, Invite your friends, and Lets make it a night to remember!DANCE TO LIVELIVE TO DANCEAges:18+/ 21+ Full Bar ID RequiredIDs will only be checked for people wanting to enter the alcohol area.Hours:10:00PM - 6:00AMDress Code:Relaxed ; Halloween Outfits are encouraged.Line Up:starts from 9pm till 1am FLAVE09:00PM - 010:30PM : NICON010:30PM - 012:00am : RISE OVER RUN012:00am - 02:30am : DJ LIFEGUARD till day break** RE-ENTRY is 5$** An ATM machine is next to the entrance of the venue, so for your cash needs coat check, please make sure you swing by the ATM or have cash on you.Venue:empire sandy,600 queens qwuay w, suite 103, TorontoContact : steve j @ 647 780 1656 infor ticket inquiryshow starts at10:00PM", "", "", "we provide critical and effective skills to resolve conflict situations. These skills will help employees pre-empt conflict, defuse anger, restore customer confidence and regain customer good-will.our training programs makes it easy for your employees to gain the skills and strategies they need, so that they can respond to complaints and difficult customers with ease and confidence. This unique training method guarantees that the training techniques will be retained and applied by all participants. The training will deliver immediate actionable solutions to the frequent challenges that employees face when dealing with complaints and difficult customers. Successful conflict resolution reduces reportable incidents, negative media coverage and damage to your organisations reputation.Lets build your reputation once again. with this one day training for managers and staff.", "4 ASD Kids GALA IN THE PARKThe Marquee, SALT Central ParkSaturday 15th December, 2012.The major charity function of the 4 ASD Kids Weekend, the Gala brings together Weekend guests, an impressive stable of celebrities, corporate tables, VIP guests ; 4 ASD Kids supporters for an elegant evening of fine food, flowing beverages and premium entertainment.Set in the seaside SALT Central Park under a purpose built and themed marquee this years Gala evening will pull in the breezy summer moods and casual sophistication the destination provides.An event not to be missed.Theme: \"Summer Carnival\"Gala includes:Premium live entertainmentSumptuous three-course mealBeer, wine, sparkling, juices ; soft drinksCelebrity interviewsCharity auctionsThis will all be followed by:;LIVE CONCERT WITH DAVE FAULKNER ; ; ; ; ;HOODOO GURUS ; ; ; ;", "", "", "INTRODUCTION TO MARKETS ; TRADINGAn introduction to the fundamentals of markets, how indices are composed and the primary global asset classes that form the basis of trade ideas. We will look at the basics of how traders formulate these ideas and the psychology behind sustainable, successful trading. The course will also introduce spread betting, the idea of leverage and how to manage the risk leverage generates.One of Instructus key selling points is the ability to offer a personalised service via small, interactive workshops that allow clients to tailor their own experience through Q;A. We are also here to support all clients after the course in order to develop a sustainable, risk managed, long term trading strategy.AgendaIntroduction to financial marketsUnderstanding global asset classesTrade idea formulation and executionPsychology of tradingSpread tradingand leverageQ;ACourse duration1.5 hoursSupportOngoing from the course dateEmail, phone or come and sit with us in the officeWhats includedRefreshments will be provided throughout the courseWe supply pens and paper for note takingLocationWe use a number of conference locations across LondonAll our course locations are leading corporate facilitiesYou can call Carter Brown directly at 074486964044", "Business Convention where we will find out new business ideas and see who will want to work with us in 2013.", "Celebrate with us the; lovers night , it is good to come together once a year to celebrate the lovers; day..we therefore have created this bash night for lovers to come together , to; celebrate there love, IT IS GOOD TO BE LOVED AND TO BE IN LOVE..Lots of activities ,; like DJ makucdgor...one of the latest reigning djs in town to give us the best; of its kind.dancing competetions,; best kissers, light foods, wine, different kinds of drinks...shows your partner; you LOVED HIM/HER It is one of its kind; in the TOWNcome and experience; what LOVE is all about...and lots; more.....Good and romantic; environment.", "buddha bar music and chillout sessions for a nice time!!!", "Its a concert by our student to raise funds for the under previlaged", "", "Guys you know my wedding is around the corner and there are a lot to be paid for. I have now decided that the best way for all my friends to support is to make a small donation. I have create several categories so please feel free to pay for the type of ticket you want. See you there :", "", "Ararat Musical Comedy Society is;immensely;proud to bring Disneys Beauty and the Beast to the stage for its 39th Production.Under the guidance of Director Grant Johnson and Musical Director Leanne McCready, the cast of 50 plus;enthusiastic singers and actors have been rehearsing steadily since February and already, with 6 weeks to go are running the full show at rehearsals.This promises to be one of the most polished performances AMCS has ever staged and the beautiful songs,in particular, will be a highlight with a chorus of over 50 providing harmonies that are breathtaking to listen to.We look forward to your company at one of our 6 performances and promise that you will take away many wonderful memories of pure entertainment delight.", "There is something inherently beautiful about natural light. It can be soft and warm, or hard and unforgiving, or even have a sort of melancholy to it. These are the areas we will be looking at in this course.Fashion and Beauty photography make use of natural light in many ways. A recent viewing of Vogue October, 2012 reveals many natural light photography shots by up and coming and well established photographers. The techniques are not hard to understand, but still require the finesse and deliberate approach that is required when using artificial lighting.We will look at natural light from all angles; full sun, modified sun, shade and moody, emotional light.We will build some inexpensive modifiers for natural light, and also show how to correctly use white reflectors, silver and gold reflectors, scrims, mirrors, and more. These tools are not expensive, but the results they give can be astounding.The natural light fashion/beauty photography course is divided into 12 lectures, each running approximately 30 minutes. There is a workbook, plans for building a scrim and large reflector, and lots of videos.Most lectures include a shoot with the gear we are using, a Photoshop tutorial, the PSD file for viewing and a look at how the final images were selected. Looking at the images as they are shot, and then edited, is very powerful as a learning tool.If you are interested in portraiture, fashion, beauty or glamour, this natural light photography course will open your eyes to the very cool ways you can use natural light to make your images.The beauty photography course is suited to any level of photographer. I recommend a light meter, although we will also show you ways to use your camera meter as we go. A couple of stands would also be a good addition to your natural light arsenal.This class also has over two hours of bonus content, with new content being added in May 2013 and June 2013.", "The fans having interest in chelsea football matches can buy Chelsea Tickets easily from premier events at affordable price. For purchasing Tickets Visit https://www.premierevents.co.uk/sport/football-tickets/chelsea-football-club-tickets/default.aspx;", "", "#YOU MADE IT.. LETS PARTY FOR THE LAST TIME GRADUATION PARTY!!CATCH US EVERY MONDAY @ ROSE CLUB #LONDONcelebrating your birthday//looking for place a secret hide out to chill contact us if you want to party with the A list...PLUS:Introducing the LeDiCe VIP Briefcase, it includes one bottle of Black Belvedere, bottle of Patron and Veuve Cliquot. Delivered in a case straight to your table! @&pound;230WOW your guests! Order in style!BOOK YOUR TABLE NOW!!About us:WE KNOW HOW TO PARTY!!We speak all languages: MUSICTHE NUMBER 1 INTERNATIONAL STUDENT NIGHT or should I say THE NUMBER 1 GLAMOROUS INTERNATIONAL STUDENT NIGHT... check out our albums, the girls and boys dress to impress!! so dont feel left out.Weve brought you some of the TOP international and local DJS from... SAK NOEL, BINGO PLAYERS, DJ ZINC, CRAZI COUSINZ, RAY FOXX, SWERVE, RAS KWAME, JIMMY KENNEDY, ZEB WAYNE, The Magnificent JAZZY JEFF from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Dirty Law, CHARLOTTE DEVANEY... The saga continues with resident djs First Born ; Teddy Jiyane!!MY CULTURE CONNECT coming soon...##############################################ON THE NIGHTTeddy JiyaneDj 1st BornRnB and Club bangers##############################################VODKA + MIXER &pound;1.50ALCO POPS &pound;2BOTTLE BEER &pound;2SAINT CIDER &pound;2SAMBUCA SHOT &pound;2TEQUILA SHOT &pound;2FISH BOWL &pound;10########## V.I.P TICKETS ##########&pound;150 ticket price with selection of drinks amounting to ticket price;CHAMPAGNESMoet Chandon &pound;50Veuve Clicquot &pound;60Laurent Perrier Rose &pound;95Dom P&eacute;rignon &pound;180Cristal &pound;400Ace of Spades &pound;500VODKABelvedere &pound;80Magnum 1.5L &pound;160Jeraboam 3L &pound;320Methuselah 6L &pound;640Grey Goose &pound;100Crystal Head &pound;150Trump Vodka &pound;150Roberto Cavalli &pound;150GINBombay Sapphire &pound;80Tanqueray 10 &pound;100Hendrick&rsquo;s &pound;100RUMSailor Jerry Rum &pound;80Bacardi 8 &pound;100Havana 15 &pound;300BRANDY/COGNACR&eacute;my Martin VSOP &pound;100Landy &pound;150Hennessy XO &pound;350Hennessy Paradis &pound;600TEQUILAJos&eacute; Cuervo &pound;80Patron Silver &pound;150Patron Cafe &pound;130901 &pound;200BLENDS/BOURBONJohnnie Walker Black &pound;130Jack Daniels &pound;80Single Barrel &pound;120LIQUORSJ&auml;germeister &pound;80Luxardo Sambuca &pound;80Luxardo Sambuca Black &pound;80Southern Comfort &pound;80Belvedere party packs:Mo&euml;t bottle + Belvedere 70cl &pound;125Mo&euml;t bottle + Magnum &pound;190JAROBOAM + 2 bottles of Mo&euml;t &pound;410- All bottles include free mixersDRESS CODE : SMART please make an effort########## STANDARD TICKETS ##########The Entry Offers...&pound;35NO ID NO ENTRYLeDICECV32 5JS Leamington Spa, Warwickshire", "Curso de posgrado para la mejora de la administracion de la economia hogare&ntilde;a", "", "October event in Maryville , Tennessee. Rock and country music , childrens events.", "LIDF Sunday at the Roxy - Part 2The Heart El Coraz&oacute;nDirector: Diego Garc&iacute;a Moreno, 2006, Colombia, 80minUK Premi&egrave;re&ldquo;The symbol of the heart lies at the heart of the symbolic world&rdquo; R Gu&eacute;nonThe interwined lives of two very different Colombian couples,brought together by unexpected circumstances. A soldier is badlyinjured by shrapnel from a landmine. Despite severe damage to hisheart, his life is saved by a cardiovascular surgeon. The soldier isforced to retire from the army but, inspired by love for his new wifeand the child they are expecting, he battles to earn a living. At thesame time, the surgeon&#39;s wife is diagnosed with cardiac arrhythmia.Laced with symbolism and humour, this is a subtle examination of therelationship between mortality and religion.A rare opportunity to see a documentary that has been a big successon the Latin American film festival circuit. Features some animation?Followed by, at 8.00pm:Buddha&#39;s Lost ChildrenDirector: Mark Verkerk, 2006, Netherlands, 97minUK Premi&egrave;reOn Thailand&rsquo;s northern border with Burma, a Buddhist monk wages aunique battle to save children from drugs and corruption. Phra Khru BaNeua Chai &ndash; a former soldier and Thai-boxing champion now better knownas &#39;The Tiger Monk&#39; &ndash; runs a monastery taking in homeless and abandonedchildren, often the victims of drug addiction or trafficking. Based inthe notorious &#39;Golden Triangle&#39; border region, rife with drugs andwarring gangs, he has been attacked many times by local gangsters forpersuading locals to grow vegetables instead of opium. But he continueshis work regardless, teaching Buddhist compassion... and a littleThai-boxing.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.;", "Aboriginal RulesDirector: Liam Campbell, 2007, Australia, 55minWorld Premi&egrave;reA new version of an old ceremony has emerged in the remoteAboriginal community of Yuendumu. It&#39;s fought by warriors. It&#39;s calledfootball. And it&#39;s definitely more than a game. Aboriginal Rules is adocumentary from the producers of the award-winning Bush Mechanics. Itfollows a year in the life of the Yuendumu Magpies Football team,champions of their league from 2003-2005 &ndash; but can they do it for arecord-breaking fourth year in a row?A rare, behind-the-scenes look at the grass-roots Aboriginal football experience in Central Australia.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.", "ATX Laugh Lounge at Amnesias presentsJimmy Roulette and friendsDoors open at 8 Showtime at 9", "", "The Global Entrepreneurship Institute has partnered with to securely process your online credit card donation. The online processing fees will be indicated.About the Global Entrepreneurship InstituteFounded in 1998, the Global Entrepreneurship Institute GEI is a non-profit 501c 3 educational organization with the specific mission ofeducating and supportingentrepreneurs around the world. Working as a global business incubator GEI facilitates introductions to investors, professional service providers, and other entrepreneurs. We have helped entrepreneurs raise over $100 million! Using our exclusive \"Roadmap to Entrepreneurial Success\" we have helped entrepreneurs raise over $100 million.About Our GCASE ONLINE CoursesWe offer the world's first online global entrepreneurship program. Now it's simple and easy to take online courses created and led by renowned experts in the field of entrepreneurship. Our courses are designed to fit into your schedule. You can log in to our e-learning platform from any computer with Internet access, any time, day or night. All our courses are presented in a clear, real-world format and contain all the elements you look for in a live class, including lectures, writing exercises and feedback from your instructor.We Are The Trusted Source For Educating ; Supporting EntrepreneursResearch your ideas for a new start-up, network and meet with other entrepreneurs from around the world. We are a nonprofit organization that supports educational activities at universities and colleges around the world. As a GCASE ONLINE Member you will have complete access to our Online Learning Center. We provide you the best resources for educating entrepreneurs.The foundation of coursework and program materials for our Online Incubator Program is used at the best business schools in the world that teach entrepreneurship. In fact, our books and course materials are used in the Top 10 of the best graduate programs in the USA that teach entrepreneurship, and 8 of the Top 10 best undergraduate programs in the USA that teach entrepreneurship.\"I attended one of your seminars way back in the day while I was an undergrad. I got a signed copy of your book, read it a few times, and have been off to the races since. After a brief stint in management consulting, I founded SocialVibe.com, which has since received over $12M in two rounds of VC funding and is healthy and growing with 30 employees and offices in LA and NY! Thanks for igniting the spark :-\"- Brandon Mills, SocialVibe.com", "DirectionsFROM SAN FRANCISCO, SAN JOSE OR GREATER BAY AREA: * Take Hwy 101 South * Take Hwy 156 West * After 6 miles Hwy 156 connects with Hwy 1 South * Travel South for approximately 14 miles take the Canyon Del Rey, Hwy 218 exit travel approximately 2 miles * Turn left on North South Road and follow the signs to the raceway FROM SACRAMENTO: * Take Hwy 5 South * Take Hwy 80 West * Travel 45 miles to Hwy 680 South * Travel 70 miles to Hwy 101 South * Take Hwy 156 West * After 6 miles Hwy 156 connects with Hwy 1 South * Travel South for approximately 14 miles take the Canyon Del Rey, Hwy 218 exit travel approximately 2 miles * Turn left on North South Road and follow the signs to the raceway FROM FRESNO: * Take Route 99 North to Hwy 152 West * Travel on Hwy 152 West for 70 miles to Hwy 156 West * Go West on Hwy 156 for 34 miles to Hwy 1 South * Travel South for approximately 14 miles take the Canyon Del Rey, Hwy 218 exit travel approximately 2 miles * Turn left on North South Road and follow the signs to the raceway FROM SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA/LOS ANGELES/CENTRAL VALLEY: * Take Hwy 5 North * Take Hwy 46 West * Travel 60 miles to Hwy 101 North * Take Hwy 101 North for 100 miles to Hwy 68 West * Take Hwy 68 West which leads you directly to the raceway ParkingFree general parking ALL UNSTICKERED VEHICLES ARE INSTRUCTED TO ENTER THE RACEWAY VIA THE FORT ORD ENTRANCES AT BARLOY CANYON ROAD OR SOUTH BOUNDARY TRAVELING SOUTH ON HWY 1: * Take the Reservation Road Marina exit East * Follow race traffic signs and make right turn into the East Garrison Gate * Follow signs to Barloy Canyon Road and the Raceway * For paid parking continue on Hwy 218 Canyon Del Rey exit East * Travel approximately 2 miles * Turn left on Gen Jim Moore Blvd * Turn right on South Boundary Road * Follow signs to raceway TRAVELING NORTH ON HWY 1: * Take Hwy 218 Canyon Del Rey exit East * Travel approximately 2 miles * Turn left on Gen Jim Moore Blvd * Turn right on South Boundary Road * Follow signs to raceway TRAVELING SOUTH HWY 101: * Take Monterey-Peninsula/Sanborn Road exit * Travel West right turn off freeway on Sanborn Road to South Main St/Hwy 68 * Make left turn on to Hwy 68 * Take Reservation Road exit * Turn right on to Reservation Road * Turn left into East Garrison Gate * Follow signs to Barloy Canyon Road and the raceway TRAVELING NORTH HWY 101: * Take Monterey-Peninsula/Sanborn Road exit * Travel West right turn off freeway on Sanborn Road to South Main St/Hwy 68 * Make left turn on to Hwy 68 * Take Reservation Road exit * Turn right on to Reservation Road * Turn left into East Garrison Gate * Follow signs to Barloy Canyon Road and the raceway", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "We will meet up at my house and then will compete. who wins the first place after 5 competitions will get a prize of $100.", "50+ The Second Half Magazine Presents The 1st Annual Black Tie Charity Affair for the Lupus Foundation of America, DC/MD/VA Chapter, Inc. The program will take place on October 22, 2011 at the Patapsco Arena in Baltimore, MD, an evening packed with success stories, lupus health tips, a silent auction, and knowledge, with entertainment by most notable National Recording Artists The Delfonics and DC own Skip Mahoney and the Casuals with Ginger on Sax to dedicate a special song. With music by DJ/Funk and our MC is a special guest.\"The educational impact is huge, considering that 100 percent of those attending will gain a wealth of knowledge about lupus. 50+ The Second Half Magazine aims to raise the money to enable the foundation to continue aggressively funding research to find better treatment and eventually a cure to people affected by this disease. Were also providing a highly coveted chance to network.\" said Patricia.With over 80,000 people living in the tri-state area affected by lupus, the LFA offers 18 support groups, facilitates access to information and care via a Patient Navigator one of the few chapters, nationally with this position and assists patients through the Quality of Life fund that offers limited financial assistance to persons living with lupus.JOIN US??", "", "Hello. I hope what you liked my last party? It will be last party before Christmas. I hope that you will like it, there will be many people in costumes and certainly Santa. as always there will be many competitions with gifts. I hope that even more people than last time will come. And I hope that somebody can find here love. I can not afford all this to pay. I hope that you can help me with it. I shall estimate any contribution to it. All of you come remember it, will be cheerful.", "Cattlemens in Livermore is hosting a community fundraiser night for Livermores Relay for Life! Come by and enjoy nightly specials or full dinner in the bar or dining room. Join us for a great fundraiser and enjoy great steaks!December 23th to December 26ndCattlemens is a casual, western-themed steakhouse chain. Founded in 1968 by a father-son team with decades of experience in the cattle business, eight locations now serve California. Still family-owned and operated, each location follows the \"Cattlemens Code,\" offering the feel and flavor of the old west, aged and hand-cut beef, the finest ingredients, and old-fashioned Western hospitality. Serving generous portions and all-natural Harris Ranch beef, Cattlemens is always in good taste.You can trust us cause here in the West, a cattleman is only as good as his wordCattlemens is a classic California steakhouse with a tradition of Western hospitality and a reputation for quality, value and friendly service. Cattlemens is proud to exclusively serve Harris Ranch natural beef. We serve the same large-size steaks as when we first started three decades ago, and are one of a few restaurants that still ages all our beef on premises. You cant go wrong with our Famous 2-Pound Porterhouse, tender Filet Mignon, or the real \"steal-of-a-deal\", Petes Special Steak Dinner.", "", "DescriptionDA! \"BIGGEST BIRTHDAY PARTY OF THE DECADE\" THE R;B KING MEETS THE KING OF DIAMONDS! CAN YOU SAY \"SOOOOOOOLD OUT\" R.KELLY PERSONALLY INVITED, DJ KHALED,FAT JOE, RICK ROSS AND MUCH MORE TO BE ADDED! TICKETS GO ON SALE MONDAY! @ KING OF DIAMONDS! AT 6PM OR CALL 954.243.8046!http://", "", "", "Aquanox Resturant 3280 Peachtree Road Atlanta, GA 30305, hosts the 14th annual Pleasures of the Palate, a fundraiser for the Diabetes Research Institute, at 6:30 p.m. March. 9. Chef John LoSasso's four-course meal stars pan-seared filet mignon with red wine reduction and fava bean mash. Tickets for the sit-down meal are $250.Diabetes research is a good cause to donate to. Millions of Americans suffer from this disease that can cause severe illness and death.", "Coaching Sessions at Fenland Gymnastics AcademyOur Classes and SessionsCompetitive Squad;Gymnasts train from 2.5 hours per week up to 16 hours per week, with fees starting fromTickets are valid throughout the event.Selection is by invitation only, please contact us to book a trial.;;GIFTED AND TALENTED GYM By selection only;A SQUAD BOYS ; GIRLSBy Invitation Only, 8 years +;B SQUAD GIRLS Group C Coach:- Cindy;FREESTYLE GYMNASTICS Pay on the Day;;;Beginner Session4 - 6yrs;Development Squad Boys;age 4-7years by invitation only;DEVELOPMENT SQUAD 1 GIRLS By Invitation only 4-7yrs;A SQUAD BOYS ; GIRLSBy Invitation Only, 8;;;;", "", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "Join us for an Old Fashion Cocktail Party;to raise money for;CABPCs \"Find Your Cause\"", "WALL STREET 1-2-1 IS VERY PROUD TO HOST ITS UPCOMINGEVENT AT ROSEN SHINGLE CREEK GOLF ; SPA RESORTORLANDO, FLORIDA - MAY 8-11, 2012Wall Street 1-2-1 will welcome over 500 attendees to its Spring event in Orlando, Florida on May 8-11, 2012, serving as host to senior executives from up to 125 high growth public and pre-IPO companies and 100 of the nation's leading professional investment firms.All Wall Street 1-2-1 functions scheduled over the three and half day event will be held atRosen Shingle Creek, a luxurious AAA Four Diamond golf and spa resort, located within mere minutes of the Orlando International Airport, Walt Disney World Resort, Universal Orlando Resort, SeaWorld Adventure Park and world class shopping at the Mall at Millenia, Florida Mall and several designer outlet malls.In addition to spectacular meeting and conference facilities, the Rosen Shingle Creek offers an array of first class amenities, including a David Harman-designed, 18-hole, 7,149-yard championship golf course featuring undulating fairways and interconnecting waterways bordered by the natural backdrop of dense oaks and pines along historic Shingle Creek, headwaters of the Florida Everglades. The award-winning course was named a four-star \"Best Places to Play\" in the United States by Golf Digest magazine, and received the prestigious \"Greens of Distinction\" award by Corporate ; Incentive Travel Magazine. The resort is also home to The Spa at Shingle Creek, a full service, 13,000 square foot spa with nine treatment rooms and a state-of-the-art fitness center; four outdoor swimming pools; two-lighted tennis courts; nature and jogging trails; and a sand volleyball court and more.Complemented and further enhanced by this extraordinary venue, the Wall Street 1-2-1 experience will encompass a broad range of highly interactive business and social activities:A cocktail welcome reception, inspired by the tropics, for all presenting company officials and early-arriving investors..A full day of educational and informative workshops, interactive panel discussions and one to one coaching to aid presenting company executives in optimizing their corporate presentations prior to the start of the \"Meet the Money\" investor meeting sessions on the following day.High-powered luncheon keynote speakers and featured panelists, including:Russell Cleveland, CFA, founder and majority shareholder of RENN Capital Group and renowned author of the best-selling investment strategy book, Finding Midas.Stanley Sporkin, renowned corporate attorney and current Ombudsman for BP America; former Director of Enforcement at the SEC, former General Counsel of the CIA, retired U.S. District Court Judge and former Partner, Weil, Gotshal ; Manges, LLPBenjy Burditt, Managing Partner at Princeton Strategic Advisors and former fund manager at Special Situations Fund, Senior VP at ScrippsVentures and Senior VP at United MediaFrank Hart, President of Profit Concepts, Ltd., the manager of High Capital Funding; and widely respected financial engineer-extraordinairePaul Gorski, Senior Investment Officer at Roswell Capital Partners, which since 1983 has completed over $1 billion in financings for both public and private companiesFour highly charged and fast-paced \"Meet the Money\" sessions, where presenting company officials will meet face-to-face with up to 25 investors and investment professionals per session.On Wednesday evening, a relaxed, outdoor dinner party enjoyed poolside. Live music entertainment will be provided by Straight Ahead, a six-piece jazz and swing band whose talented members have performed with Al Hirt, Arturo Sandoval, Jimmy Dorsey Orchestra, Michael Andrews ; Swingerhead, Bob Hope, The Blues Brothers, Aaron Neville, Patti LaBelle and Tito Puento, just to name a few.On Thursday night, a cocktail party followed by a five-star, fine dining experience prepared by Shingle Creek's award-winning culinary team.Please note: Attendance of investors and investment professionals at Wall Street 1-2-1 is by invitation only. Further, only officials from the companies who have been chosen by Wall Street 1-2-1's Selection Panel as featured presenters, and who have been properly pre-registered, will be permitted entry into Wall Street 1-2-1 events. Family members and/or other traveling companions of confirmed attendees who have been properly pre-registered are warmly welcome to attend all evening functions hosted byWall Street 1-2-1.", "Join us as we celebrate the 2012 Shriners Hospitals for Children&reg; Baseball Classic. This event will recognize the 2012 participants from Challenger Little League&reg; teams from across Texas.;;Special guests include:;Reid Ryan: Founder ; CEO, Round Rock Express and Corpus Christi Hooks;John Morris: Baylor Associate Athletic Director ; \"The Voice of the Bears\";Dr. David Herndon: Chief of Staff, Shriners Hospitals for Children&reg; - Galveston;;Dinner will be served by Georges Restaurant featuring Nolan Ryan Beef&reg; products:;&bull; Chicken Fried Steak Voted Wacos Best;&bull; Baked Potato Casserole;&bull; Southern Green Beans;&bull; Salad;&bull; Blue Bell Ice Cream;;** - Grilled chicken option available. Indicate preference at checkout.", ";jigeum hwanbuljocihaedeurigessseubnida yuyu jogeumman gidalryeojuseyo;;", "Zoot Inc. Presents To You ASAP Cocky Performing Live In Harlem New York! Tickets Are CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP Only 75.00 USD Purchase Fast ! Tickets Are Limited !", "The seminar is designed for the emerging artist who is serious about his or her art career. Every artist will receive a resource packet including a CD of essential documents and other reference materials.This is the original business and marketing seminar for emerging artists, designed to give practical information and advice towards a successful fine arts career. Each seminar is six hours long and all of the information and resources provided are useful to artists working in all media, including painting, sculpture and photography. The presenter Adwen Powel has given the \"Success as an Artist\" seminar to hundreds of welsh area artists, curators, teachers and other arts professionals since August of 1999. The issues covered and discussed are not based on theory, but grounded on actual experience.\"Success as an Artist\" seminar featured in The GazetteThe next \"Success as an Artist\" Seminar will be held on Saturday, October 27.The following issues will be covered during the seminar:Materials- Buying materials: lowering your costs- Presentation- Conservation issues- Archival Matting and Framing- Limited editions - signing and numbering- Prints vs. Reproduction- Iris Prints Pros and Cons- Creating a Resume- Building a Portfolio- Juried Shows- Strategies for Getting Accepted- How to photograph your artwork- Selling your art- How to write a press release- PublicityGalleries- Vanity Galleries- Co-Operatives- Commercial Galleries- Non-profit Art spaces- How to approach a gallery- Gallery/Artist Relationships- Contracts Outdoor Art Festivals - Resources- Display systems and tents- Best shows and ones to avoid- Accepting Credit cards- National Alternative Marketing", "teaching Dixon Services to the community", "The Intercontinental Event; brings you the most exciting Halloween Costume race this 2012- entitled MIDNIGHT RUN!;Highlights include race route along EDSA, awards for runners in best costumes, a haunted house, and for the very first time in Philippine running history, all runners in Halloween get-up will receive a finisher&rsquo;s Greentennial Jacket!;DON&rsquo;T MISS THIS HALLOWEEN BALL OF THE FILIPINO RUNNING COMMUNITY!;Categories for costume contest include: 1. Most Frightening 2. Most Extravagant 3. Most Unique 4. Most Resourceful 5. Most Colorful 6. Cutest 7. Parent-Child Tandem/Family Costume 8. Run Team/Club Costume 9. Filipiniana 10. Super Hero 11. Retro 12. Iconic 13. Zombie/White Lady/Vampire/Werewolf 14. Fabulous Diva;MIDNIGHT RUN 2012 October 31, 2012 @ 11:59pm START/FINISH : Near People Power Shrine, White Plains Avenue, QC 10K and 5K;BRING YOUR TICKETS!;- Includes Race Number and Finisher&rsquo;s Jacket;", "twice as nicethe virgo reunion bash;is an event celebrating the birthday of dj infa red and more,music by blax dun da place.hype greeninfamous sounds;Special guest: malachi streetsdj john jHosted by:mc linx voice of the city, diz street dreams, mc ebonevoice of da partythere would be free gift for best dancers and also photograhers by sunset productiondoors opens @ 10pm-3:30aminfo/tickets/birthdays/bottle services resarvations; call this numberemail us at;;frankmarthin602@yahoo.com", "StyleParties is hosting a Saturday Party at the Kensington Roof Gardens Club in Kensington.Doors open a 7pm and dance the Night Away in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden!!;To keep hunger at bay the Roof Gardens chefs will be serving a BBQ though the night in the heated spanish gardens.Early arrivals from 7pm to 8pm will benefit from a complimentary drinks reception at the bar ,so you would be able to choose a full size cocktail.;Dresscode is Smart/Glam/ Trendy/ Dress to Impress;;** These tickets are valid from 7pm-10pm only**;**If arriving after 10:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk in advance;;Style Parties host regular weekly events at various top clubs such Dstrkt, Jalouse, Whisky Mist, ChinaWhite, Aura and others Fabulous venues specially for groups of 15+ and birthdays Just ask us about our bonus offers. your own magnum grey goose/ Belvedere or equivalent bottle, complimentary dinners, and Table+ Birthday Cake if needed: even Champagne for v large groups.;For;Birthays / Vip Tables at any club/ Guestlist do drop us a text on 0788 9597773 or email styleparties@hotmail.co.uk with your queries/ date and size of party. We wil do our best to find you a great deal!", "Country Artist Kylie Morgan Heading Across North America Singing For A Cause Dear To Her Heart ~ Kylie Will Be Putting On Free Concerts All Along Her North American Tour ~Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We Do Teams are hitting the road stopping in communities along the way to get your communities involved. Blow The Whistle On Bullying is bringing bullying to a grinding halt.Become a part of history in the making by joining in the campaign and helping us to give away special made glow in the dark whistles with break away glow in the dark lanyard~ There is no charge for the whistles or lanyards you only pays for the shipping.Were looking for you to help stand up ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying~It Matters What We Do.Some children are scared to speak up so we have created a symbolic safety alternative. When we all stand together we can make a difference. Giving students this alternative will help to give them a voice against bullying.Those who bullying will think twice if they have a visual reminding them that someone may tell.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Join our Campaign shows your support to Help Make A Safer Tomorrow in your communities.Country Artist Kylie Morgan is going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance. We all can be part of a safer tomorrow ~ wont you help by blowing the whistle today.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Help to make a safer tomorrow ~ support your community by getting involved.Help us to help your communities Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We DoWatch for Kylie Morgan in your community ~ follow her tour at www.blowthewhistleonbullying.comHere you can follow the tour ~ interact live with Kylie ~ find out when Kylie and the Blow The Whistle On Bullying Teams will be in your community. Bring your glow in the dark whistleand lanyard to join in history in the making.As our way of giving back to the communities we have special gifts to give away at Kylies concerts.~ Rent or Mortgage paid for a year up to $1000 per month~ Gas paid for a year up to $250 per month~ Groceries paid for a year up to $500 per month~ Car payment for a year up to $500 per month~ Scholarship to school of choice", "", "Welcome, thanks for visiting. If your interested please donate and expect your link invite within 24/hrs.", "Successful campaigning in an adverse climateThe daily seminar in our highly popular pracademic series;SpeakersFrieda Schicker London Gypsy and Traveller UnitBrian Lamb consultant and author of the Good Guide to CampaigningDescriptionThe London Gypsy and Traveller Unit has built up a formidable reputation for their community formed policies, and involving Travellers successfully in lobbying and campaigning. Their causes are less popular with government now than they were, simply because of cutbacks.So what can we learn from their ability to effectively represent an unpopular cause? Brian, veteran of many campaigns, will outline campaigning principles and lessons that everyone can apply, particularly when times are hard.Registration is between 18.00 and 18.30. Following the talk, there will be a reception and refreshments.Book for the full six talk series before 26 February 2013 for only &pound;120 &pound;25 per talk.;Who should attend?The talks are aimed at staff, trustees, board members and others who want to improve their effectiveness through listening and responding to presentations on key management issues.", "maskparty", "A key feature of a Webinar is its interactive elements -- the ability to give, receive and discuss information. Contrast with;Webcast, in which the data transmission is one way and does not allow interaction between the presenter and the audience.", "A great way to get to know the area and your camera!We will be traveling to particularly photogenic places in and around the Lake District and while we are at it, we will be going over some basic photography skills.Our objectives over the two days are to:Understand what our cameras are capable of.Know how to make them do it.Learn basic compositional techniques that will set your photos apart.Enjoy photography in beautiful locations!March 2nd and 3rd: Transportation is provided. We will be leaving the morning of Sat. March 2nd @ 0730 promptly.Once we arrive, we will quickly go over some theory and then load up to our locations, where I will continue to work with each of you individually as needed.We will visit 2-3 locations in the Lake District. Whatever time allows.We will then check into our hotel.An optional Mini-Workshop on night photography will be held on Saturday night.Bright and early Sunday morning we will set off again to photography another 2-4 locations in the beautiful lakes area!As we lose light we will pack up and head back home.This workshop must be booked in advance so we know how many people we have to get from location to location, book hotel, etc.You will need: Your camera and a tripod.Seats are limited!", "One time Event for tehical Support Services.", "This REXCEL and Deloitte unique course teaches the experienced auditor to recognize and address information security issues in the enterprise. Learn to identify and analyze the risk associated with security threats across network, operational and physical systems.Employer Approval LetterNeed help developing your business case for attending REXCEL&rsquo;s Training Weeks? REXCEL has developed a \"Dear Boss\" letter to assist with the approval process.Course description:IT auditors must have wide range of skills across a broad array of technologies and platforms. This course provides the IT audit professional with an opportunity to deepen their knowledge across a range of various technologies, using practical hands on presentations and demonstrations, to enable IT auditors and security professionals to identify and analyze risks associated with a range of infrastructure platforms.Learning objectives:Scope and plan IT audits in a variety of technology platformsUtilize advanced techniques for auditing infrastructureDeepen your IT audit knowledge base across a range of technologiesIdentify risks specific to a variety of infrastructure platformsManage resources when structuring IT audits on a variety of platformsTarget audience:IT auditors and integrated auditorsAudit managersOther Course InformationRecommended field of study: AuditingPrerequisites: NoneAdvance Preparation: NoneProgram Level: Intermediate32 HoursEarn up to 32 CPE Hours!Duration: 4 days CPE: up to 32 Hours: 8:30 am-5pm dailyOther dates and locations for this course: 9-12 September 2013Cost: Free to members / &pound;50 nonmembers Cancellation Deadline:;29;March 2013Cancellation PolicyIf your plans change and you won&rsquo;t be able to attend this course, contact us by phone, fax or e-mail to cancel your registration. All cancellations must be received by the cancellation deadline to receive a refund of registration fees. A cancellation charge of US $150 will be subtracted from refunds. No refunds can be given after the cancellation deadline. Attendee substitution is permitted at any time until the conference.NOTE: Registration is contingent upon full payment of the registration fee. To guarantee registration, course fees must be received by the published deadline.It may take 10 or more business days for a wire transfer or mailed check to reach REXCEL, so please plan accordingly. If, for any reason, REXCEL must cancel a course or event, liability is limited solely to the registration fees paid. REXCEL is not responsible for other expenses incurred, including travel and accommodation fees. Course materials are not guaranteed to those who register on site or fail to submit payment prior to the event. For more information regarding administrative policies, please contact the REXCEL conference department at rogerwtraining@hotmail.com", "", "Normal 0 21 false false false FR X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /* Style Definitions * table.MsoNormalTable mso-style-name:\"Tableau Normal\"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:\"\"; mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt; mso-para-margin-top:0cm; mso-para-margin-right:0cm; mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt; mso-para-margin-left:0cm; line-height:115%; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:\"Calibri\",\"sans-serif\"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;Apres les moments merveilleux passes a Barcelone et a Londres , nous voici a letape de ROME.Rome, ville berceau de la civilisation occidentale apres Athenes, Rome a une histoire qui setend sur plus de deux mille cinq cents ans. Elle etait le centre de lEmpire romain, qui a domine lEurope, lAfrique du Nord et le Moyen-Orient pendant plus de cinq cents ans a partir du Ier siecle av. J.-C. jusquau Vesiecle apr. J.-C.. Rome occupe une place capitale dans le christianisme et abrite le siege de lEglise catholique romaine et la Cite du Vatican, un Etat souverain dont le chef est le pape.Le centre historique est de style Renaissance et baroque. Rome est la troisieme destination touristique la plus visitee dEurope derriere Londres et Paris et son centre historique est classe par lUnesco comme site du patrimoine mondialCette etape sera tres benefique aux chretiens catholiques au vue des sites que nous allons visiterAu programmeLa Rome antiqueLe forum RomainLe coliseeLe PantheonThermes de CaracallaLa via Appia AnticaLe mausolee dAuguste et lAra PacisLes places de RomeLa piazza colonnaLa place Navone - Piazza NavonaPiazza del PopoloLa place Saint PierreLes eglises de RomeLa Basilique Sainte Marie MajeureLa Basilique Sainte PraxedeSaint Ignace de LoyolaLes autres monuments de RomeLa fontaine de TreviLe chateau Saint AngeLe palais AltempsLes musees du VaticanLe depart est prevue le 09 fevrier a la Gare dAmiens, veuillez s'il vous plait respecter l'heure de departCette page est destinee au retardataire nayant pas encore achete leur billet.Pour rappel sachez que le prix du billet comprend l'hebergement, le transport et votre participation a toutes les visites et evenements sur place .Veuillez prendre vos billets rapidement pour une meilleure organisation du sejourMerci de votre comprehensionAnne S BEUQUE", "Normal 0 21 false false false FR X-NONE X-NONE MicrosoftInternetExplorer4 /* Style Definitions * table.MsoNormalTable mso-style-name:\"Tableau Normal\"; mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0; mso-tstyle-colband-size:0; mso-style-noshow:yes; mso-style-priority:99; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:\"\"; mso-padding-alt:0cm 5.4pt 0cm 5.4pt; mso-para-margin-top:0cm; mso-para-margin-right:0cm; mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt; mso-para-margin-left:0cm; line-height:115%; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:\"Calibri\",\"sans-serif\"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:\"Times New Roman\"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;Bonjour, Comme prevu, cette page a ete cree envue de permettre aux retardataires dacheter leurs billets pour notre sejour touristique a CANCUN au MEXIQUE.Nous passerons un sejour inoubliable a CANCUN et tous les membres de la communaute sont cordialement invites.Veuillez sil vous plait vous achetez vos billets rapidement pour une meilleur organisation du voyage.La ville de Cancun se trouve au Nord-Est de la peninsule de Yucatan sur la mer des Caraibes, en plein dans la Riviera Maya, une bande allant du Nord au Sud de cette peninsule. De Mexico, il faut environ 24h de bus ou 2h d'avion pour y arriver. La ville se situe sur une presqu'ile en forme de L, de 400m de large et 21km de long.Cette ville a ete creee pour le tourisme car ses plages au sable blanc ou se dressent de nombreux palmiers, sa mer bleue turquoise ou de magnifiques bancs de coraux decorent cette mer, laissent rever de tres nombreuses personnes pour sa beaute paradisiaque. Ce grand centre de vacances s'est surtout developpe ces dernieres annees, beneficiant d'un climat subtropical avec de faibles precipitations.Attractions touristiquesOutre les hotels, la station balneaire de Cancun possede un palais des congres avec un auditorium accueillant de nombreux spectacles, un musee archeologique et un autre musee exposant des objets trouves au cours de recherches.* Cote plages, il y en a de nombreuses. Les hotels ne disposent pas de plages privees, laissant l'acces a tous sur n'importe quelle plage !N.B le prix du billet comprend les frais de transport aller et retour, la nourriture sur place et la participation a toutes les autres activictes au menu durant le sejour.CordialementStephanie Massias", "Hello Once Again Boys, Girls and the beloved Parents!;After we all had so much fun last session. we will be running another session.This time we will begin reading, and also start discussing \"To Kill A Mocking Bird\" By Harper LeeThis club is for children age 7-16; There will be two different age groups 7-11 and 12-16.PARENTS, you are also welcome to come and join us having fun! Dont be shy!SEE YOU THERE!!", "Whole genome sequencing can be used to compare the entire gene sequence of a cancer cell to the sequence of a normal cell. Its a more thorough genetic analysis than those available in leading cancer centers, and theres some precedent for it as a lifesaving diagnostic test.", "", ";;;;;;Le c&eacute;l&egrave;bre L&rsquo;Boulevard;Festival;deCasablanca, a &eacute;t&eacute; annul&eacute; pour la deuxi&egrave;me ann&eacute;e cons&eacute;cutive,par manque definancement.Le m&ecirc;me sort est r&eacute;serv&eacute; &agrave; &laquo;;Tremplin L&rsquo;Boulevard;&raquo;, comp&eacute;tition d&eacute;di&eacute;e aux jeunes talents organis&eacute;e en marge de L&rsquo;Boulevard Festival, qui devait voir la participation de 28 formations musicales cette ann&eacute;e.Selon l&rsquo;economiste, les deux;&eacute;v&egrave;nements;pr&eacute;vus initialement en juin, puis report&eacute;s &agrave; septembre afin de trouver plus de sponsors, co&ucirc;tent annuellement pr&egrave;s de 5 millions de dirhamsL&rsquo;Boulevard, cr&eacute;&eacute;e en 1999 par Mohamed Merhari et;Hicham Bahou, a r&eacute;v&eacute;l&eacute; de nombreuses stars de la sc&egrave;ne musicale marocaine, dont H-Kayne,;Fna&iuml;re;ou encoreDon Bigg.;", "", "", "", "The best Event on Week End For Clubber Featuring Dj Milinka Radisty.U will Enjoy with The best Female Djs and The best sexy dancer.Not expensive to be happy, Get discount for drink.", "Juice Wellcome", "Opening night Monday 16th September 10pm till late!Prohibition Bar reformed from POPNext to BuddahAddicted to Drum ; Bass;8 DJs confirmed for the grand opening!!&diams;DJ Ammy&diams;DJ NaSh&diams;DJ SMD&diams;Makarii&diams;Mr.Beatz&diams;Mr.Paradox&diams;J-skeptik&diams;PoyntaCheapest drinks and hottest bar tenders in Southampton&pound;1.50 J-bombs&pound;1.50 vodka mixer6AM FINISHLAST ENTRY AT 5.30AMFree shot on entry all night1 lucky guest will win VIP table and either...BOTTLE OF VODKABOTTLE OF RUMBOTTLE OF MALIBUORA CRATE OF 24 CARLSBURGBe at the club before 11pm to enter the draw for free!!LAST TICKETS!!!;", "Hallo Festival Fans,wie versprochen gibt es auf den letzten Dr&uuml;cker die Karten f&uuml;r das Festival nicht nur bei Ticket Direct sondern nun auch bei als Onlineticket.;Zum Festival: Das Besondere ist unsere &uuml;ber 20 Acts sind geheim und keiner wei&szlig; wer es sein wird. Lasst euch &uuml;berraschen bei einer gro&szlig;en Auswahl an Getr&auml;nken und Essen. HipHop Fans d&uuml;rfen dieses Event nicht verpassen, von Oldschool bis Newschool , ob Deutsche oder Amerikanische K&uuml;nstler ist alles dabei.;Wir w&uuml;nschen euch viel Spa&szlig; beim Festival.", "", "www.MicMakeupSchool.comThis makeup class focuses on the areas that draw the most attention to the face, and can make the most important and dramatic impact to anyones appearance.Everyone should take this makeup class, especially those who find themselves searching for new ideas or looking to improve their color technique and application. This class has been designed to accommodate all skill levels. No prior experience is required. Subject to review, successful achievement of makeup course content, and teacher recommendation, qualified students will receive a Certificate of Completion from our makeup school. The Certificate represents that you have completed a course of professional makeup training. The Certificate also acknowledges that you studied under a Makeup Instructor who is a professional makeup artist currently working in the Entertainment Industry!This program is a fast track program for the working individual who wants to start their career as a makeup artist in the shortest amount of time. The class consists of lecture -demo-application for each section. The class is fast paced but precise.9am-10am MAKEUP THEORY* History of Makeup trends and styles from ancient times to contemporary times* How does color work in makeup? Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Colors. Cool and Warm Colors. Analogous Colors. Blending colors. Learn how all interact and how to use them.* Complementary colors- How and when to use them* How to choose makeup color based on Skin Color, Eye Color, Hair Color10am-11am FOUNDATION APPLICATION* Foundation Color Matching* Foundation Selection- A crucial point in selecting a foundation shade is to recognize that the appearance of the shade in the container may not accurately gauge the color impact on the skin. Other times intentionally using a mismatch can achieve a desired result.* Foundation Coverage- Sheer, Light, Medium, Full. When to use each technique.* Foundation Formulation/Powders, creams and lotions- Oil and emollient, Oil-based shakers, Alcohol based, Powder based, Mineral Makeup, Water based, Water-based cream, Water-based oil-free, Silicone-based* Foundation application techniques11am-11:45am EYE AND FACIAL MAKEUP* Eye Theory- Eye Shapes, Concealer, Eye Base, Eyeliner, Eyeshadow, Highlighter, Brows, Eyelash Curls, Mascara* How to Create a Natural Eye Look* How to Create Smoky Eye Makeup/Red Carpet Makeup* Blush- The application of blush-on comes after the complete makeup/foundation and concealer has been put into place. Blush is also referred to as rouge. The proper use of blush can help liven up an ordinary face and bring out the radiance of an unusual one. How one applies blush makeup determines whether they can bring out the structural beauty of a face, add shape or refine a too-plump one and narrow it down or simply give your complexion the warm glow of youth.* Facial Shapes/Bone Structure Theory11:45am-1pm HANDS ON STUDENT DEMOING1pm-1:45pm LUNCH BREAK1:45pm-2:30pm CONTOURING AND LIPS* Contouring- Contouring is a method of shading and highlighting certain areas of the face to create different angles and focus points. Contouring can be used to bring out small cheekbones or give a square face some softer curves. Contouring creates a sense of balance, adding definition to your makeup with color.* Lips- Create a flawless mouth2:30pm-5pmHANDS ON STUDENT DEMOING", "***THIS IS AN EXTENDED TICKET OPENING FOR ADDITIONAL 10 ENTRIES TO THIS COMPETITION. TICKET SALES ARE ON A FIRST-COME-FIRST-SERVE BASIS***What is the TI-83/84 games Programming competition?The TI-83/84, is a quarterly event that helps aspiring game developers in three main areas: 1. Launch their first mainstream game for mass testing, 2. Finding New Opportunities, 3. Connects them to hiring game development firms. Our meetup has been know to attract the attention of both established and fast-growing games development firms.Typically, this edition of the TI-83/84 games programming competition is being put together by JumpGames as a strategic alliance between the company and the games programming community. We expect to partner with the best three 3 competitors in this tournament, whilst, the fourth and fifth runner-ups will receive cash prizes to the tune of $5000 and $3000 respectively.When is the event?Tuesday February 1, 2011Where will the event be held?The competition will be held at The Falls facility 8888 Southwest 136th Street Miami, FL 33176RULES OVERVIEWJumpGames will be hosting its first 2011 TI-83/84 Plus programming competition. This year, there is only one category: Axe Parser. The theme of this 2011 contest is simply a game of any kind. There are no restrictions on game genre: you can program any kind of game you want, as long as its written in pure Axe programming language.Here are the rules :1: Usage of Axioms or the Asm command inside your code or any other way to run assembly or even TI-BASIC is strictly prohibited. Any external programs or variables must be strictly data No assembly or BASIC programs. This is an Axe contest, after all.2: Your game must not contain innapropriate or adult content.3: You must use an official Axe Parser version 0.2.5 or higher.4: You are allowed to announce updates and screenshots of your project anywhere, but you are NOT allowed to provide any dowload copies of it or the entire source code to anyone until the end of the contest!5: You are not allowed to enter a project that was started prior the start of the contest. You can use code, images and ideas from it, though.6: You are allowed to solicit, as long as you respect rule #4. Also keep in mind that usage of other peoples code may affect your originality score considerably.8: Only one entry per person is allowed.9. This offer is only open to Florida residents.REQUIREMENTS1: Your game source code in 8xp format can be zipped. This is to make sure no one tries to pass ASM programs as Axe executables.2: You must state which version of Axe Parser is required to compile your source code. We must know the version you used to compile your source, after all.The Prizes:1st place: Exclusive games distribution deal + $10,000 cash prize*2nd place: Exclusive games distribution deal + $7,000 cash prize*3rd place: Exclusve games distribution deal*4th place: A $5,000 cash prize5th place: A $3000 cash prize", "Cowboys in India + WorkshopSimon Chambers | UK | 2010 | 79minA sly subversion of a well-trodden story, Cowboys in India sets up the viewer to believe that were going to learn about the evils perpetrated by the London based mining company Vedanta Resources in rural India. Long before the now-familiar mix of pollution, land grabbing, false promises and thuggish \"bodyguards\" hit the UK headlines, filmmaker Simon Chambers had relocated to Orissa for several years to try and understand the realities of development in the \"third world\"-- but with a lot more on his mind than a simple expose. The real narrative in this funny and clever film leaks out in dribs and drabs and concerns Satya the \"organizer\" and Doya the driver and their complicated relationship with Simon. Playing the very model of the modern British documentarian, Simon confounds all expectations and subtly questions the conventions of the documentary genre. In the end, the threats are more immediate, and more serious, than anyone would have guessed.", "Come Out and Undwind, relieve teh pressure and stress of the work week with great music, food and beautiflu people.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "We are a group of people \" freinds and colleagues\" who is willing to do everything and give our time to collect and gather donations for our event that happens twice a week we started it way back when we were on our first year in college . we go to different slam areas , we cook food and give children a small things that will help them in there everyday life.it is not much but we can see and feel that we are doing the right thing for our great cause.thats why we are encouraging everyone who can give any amount of donation that comes from there heart.thank you.God Bless.", "", "R.KELLY LIVE@CLUB PLAY 2MORROW NITE WITH JUELZ SANTANA AND Q FROM WORLDSTARHIPHOP.COM pre-sold ticket available on http://clubplaysouthbeach.com/", "Join us for the second annual sale.", "", "", "", "", "", "The ultimate rooftop patio experience.Music by DJ Charlie Brown along side DJ Diamond Cut Sound Crew.Hosted by MC Crazy Chris, Ameer B, Kamakacci Juice, Marlin Palmer and Spotty", "THE HOTTEST UNDERGROUND ARTIST IN THE STREETS RIGHT NOW POINT BLACK PERIOD IS FRENCH MONTANA AND TONIGHT IT GOES DOWN IN A MAJOR WAY!! GET YOUR TICKETS NOW, THIS IS AN EXCLUSIVE ONLINE OFFER, YOU KNOW HOW THEY DO IT AT THE VELVET ROOM AND MORE IMOIRTANTLY YOU KNMOW HOW PACKED IT WILL BE IN THE BUILDING..;PERFORMING LIVE ON STAGE FRENCH MONTANA..!!!!! SO MANY SPECIAL GUEST TO MANY TO WRITE. WE ONLY HAVE VIP AND BOTTLE SECTIONS AVAILABLE HERE AND GENERAL ADMISSION PASSES.. EITHER YOU GO HARD OR YOU WILL HAVE TO WAIT IN LINE, BUT THE PRICE IS GUARANTEED.. ALL SECTIONS COME WITH A BOTTLE OF YOUR CHOICE PREMIUM VODKA CIROC, GREY GOOSE AND/OR SKY AND COGNAC HENNESEY AND REMY MARTIN OR ANY OF OUR CHAMPAGNES MOET OR ROSE MOET. YOU MAY BRING UP TO 3 PEOPLE WITH YOU ANY MORE WILL BE CHARGED WHATEVER THE GENERAL ADMISSION IS AT THE TIME.. FOR MORE INFO CALL 404 874-4460 OR EMAIL KENNETHCURTTIS1966@YAHOO.COM THE HOTTEST PROMOTER IN ATLANTA.VIP PASS ALSO INCLUDES PARKING FOR 1 VEHICLE.. HOWEVER MAKE SURE YOUR THERE EARLY, ONCE VALET FEELS UP ITS A WRAP.. GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!!!!!!THERE IS NO SPECIFIC TIME TO COME IN ORDER FOR YOUR TICKETS TO BE VALID HOWEVER WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN THE GENERAL ADMISSION LINE OR THE VIP LINE, THE ONLY THING THESE ONLINE PASSES GUARANTEE IS YOUR PRICE OF ADMISSION PAID.. THANK YOU", "JUST IMAGINE A PLACE WERE U CAN WALK AROUND HALF NAKED! A PLACE WHERE THE DANCE FLOOR IS COVER WITH HALF NAKED WET BODIES! A PLACE WHERE EROTICA,ECSTASY AND TEMPTATION IS EXPOSED! THIS IS ONLY FOR THE SEXY! AND CURIOUS! AMATEUR POLE DANCING: \"FREE LAP\" DANCES! $3. DRINKS \"VENUS VS MARS\" KY JELLY OIL WRESTLING! ON STAGE! \"SQUIRT CONTEST! AND MUCH MORE EXOTIC! SUPRISES ALL NIGHT COVER: $10. COUPLES $15..", "Hip Hop!; This class is great;for the beginner or anyone interested in Hip Hop. Join us! You dont want to miss this class.;Space is limited. Register Today!;;NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.;;PLEASE PRINT;YOUR EMAILED TICKETS and bring with you to class for admission.;;NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and release\".", "", "Country ArtistKylie Morgan Heading Across North America Singing For A Cause Dear To Her Heart ~ Kylie Will Be Putting On Free Concerts All Along Her North American Tour ~Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We Do Teams are hitting the road stopping in communities along the way to get your communities involved. Blow The Whistle On Bullying is bringing bullying to a grinding halt.Become a part of history in the making byjoining inthe campaignand helping us to give awayspecial made glow in the dark whistles with break away glow in the dark lanyard ~ Thecases come in quanitiesof a 1000 ~500 whistles 500 lanyardswhichwill be sent to your business togive them away to staff ; patrons. There is no charge for the whistles or lanyards your business only pays for the shipping.As well your business will be involved in all the social media, radio, tv, satellite events.Were looking for you to help stand up ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying~It Matters What We Do.Some children are scared to speak up so we have created a symbolic safety alternative. When we all stand together we can make a difference. Giving students this alternative will help to give them a voice against bullying.Those who bullying will think twice if they have a visual reminding them that someone may tell.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Join our Campaign shows your support to Help Make A Safer Tomorrow in your communities.Country Artist Kylie Morgan isgoing across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance. We all can be part of a safer tomorrow ~ wont you help by blowing the whistle today.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Help to make a safer tomorrow ~ supportyour communityby getting involved.Help us to help your communities Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We DoWatch for Kylie Morgan in your community ~ follow her tourat www.blowthewhistleonbullying.comHere you can follow the tour ~ interact live with Kylie ~ find out when Kylie and the Blow The Whistle On Bullying Teams will be in your community.", "You Ready to see Ck;backstage then get your tickets now", "In Forex, if you gamble like in a casino, you will definitely loose. However, if you have the knowledge of trading and best training which Low Maintenance Trading Seminar will be offering, you can win, but only if you play well and don't outright \"gamble\", but observe the market all the time.", "", "Come out for a great night of outdoor lounging, cocktail-sipping and rock out to LATIN Sounds of DJ RONSTA on the Penthouse Level or Hip Hop/Top 40 music on the main level. Strictly 21+ Dance | Drink | Flirt 10pm - 2am", "NOIREY ENTERTAINMENT - THE URBAN BOUTIQUE - LOFFREDO ; ASSOCIATES PRESENTSALL WHITE PARTYFEATURING HOTTEST DJS DJ YUNG JAAHDJ JAMES REDIDJS SPINNING HIP HOP , SOCA, DANCEHALL, REGGAE, AFRICAN MUSICENCOURAGED DRESS CODE: WHITE ATTIREMUSIC TILL 3AM WITH VALID WRISTBAND OBTAINED AT THE DOOR WITH YOUR TICKET.", "Cigansky Rai specialises in Eastern European Russian, Lithuanian and central Asian Kazak, Uzbek, Kirgiz cuisine.From 11/11/12, We shall be hosting Sunday special for family and groups. Individials are welcome.East european live music, will also be available as from 6pm.Book early to secure a place.", "Get the Inside Scoop!The Sub-Saharan Africa Property Summit SAPIS 2013 Conference is the first annual conference to be hosted by OVID Capita.SAPIS 2013 will provide property investors; leaders and enthusiasts with the opportunity to gain an insight into the emerging market that is Sub-Saharan Africa!Industry experts will provide delegates with property investment opportunities in Sub-Saharan African countries, and give you the chance to network and connect with potential partners. Delegates will meet with property industry&rsquo;s companies, key decision-makers, investors and financial institutions, developers and African investment representatives.The conference has been developed to afford potential players in the property and investment markets the opportunity to attend an international conference, and encourage international players to share their knowledge, at the same time receiving exposure to local thinking, and being able to appreciate the various Sub-Saharan property investment opportunities.The topical themes SAPIS will address has certainly become a recognised opportunity for professionals and experts from industry as well as researchers to access a platform to share their knowledge, experience and research results in the field of property investment in Sub-Saharan Africa.Real Estate professionals the world over will be joining their colleagues at SAPIS in central London. The conference will feature keynote speakers, tutorials, paper presentations by experts in the real estate and investments arena discussing trends, developments and the future of the real estate market in the African economy.", "GET YOUR TICKETS NOW TO THE MOST TALKED ABOUT CONCERT OF THE YEAR!!GAINESVILLE GET READY FOR THE MILLION DOLLAR GIRL HERSELF...TRINAHosted by: BurgaPERFORMING LIVE AT THE VAULT NIGHTCLUB..THANKSGIVING NIGHT, WALL TO WALL WASTED,;GAINESVILLE HAS NEVER SEEN SO;MANY SEXY WOMEN AND BALLERS IN ONE PLACE AT ONE TIME..PRESENTED BY SKIPLINE EVENTS..", "Country Artist Kylie Morgan Heading Across North America Singing For A Cause Dear To Her Heart ~ Kylie With Be Putting On Free Concerts All Along Her North American Tour ~Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We Do Teams are hitting the road stopping in communities along the way to get your communities involved. Blow The Whistle On Bullying is bringing bullying to a grinding halt.Become a part of history in the making by joining in the campaign and helping us to give away special made glow in the dark whistles with break away glow in the dark lanyard ~ The cases come in quanities of a 1000 which will be sent to your business to give them away to staff ; patrons. There is no charge for the whistles or lanyards your business only pays for the shipping. As well your business will be involved in all the social media, radio, tv, satellite events.Were looking for you to help stand up ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying~It Matters What We Do.Some children are scared to speak up so we have created a symbolic safety alternative. When we all stand together we can make a difference. Giving students this alternative will help to give them a voice against bullying.Those who bullying will think twice if they have a visual reminding them that someone may tell.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Join our Campaign shows your support to Help Make A Safer Tomorrow in your communities.Country Artist Kylie Morgan is going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance. We all can be part of a safer tomorrow ~ wont you help by blowing the whistle today.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Help to make a safer tomorrow ~ support your community by getting involved.Help us to help your communities Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We DoWatch for Kylie Morgan in your community ~ follow her tour at www.blowthewhistleonbullying.comHere you can follow the tour ~ interact live with Kylie ~ find out when Kylie and the Blow The Whistle On Bullying Teams will be in your community.", "This free Seminar is for deliverers of Physical Intervention Trainingthis seminar is for 2hours the we start immediately the paid training details below:;;Level3 Award for Deliverers of Physical Intervention Training in the Private Security Industry enables you to deliver the RDS level 2 physical intervention skills.;You must already hold a suitable teaching qualification minimum PTLS and an approved conflict management trainer qualification  C;G 1886 or Edexcel conflict management trainer;The course is 2 days. Participants will be provided with a full trainer pack and all materials on CD that you will need to deliver the level 2 course. RDS licence the individual.;You are required to work with an approved centre to ensure that the insurance criteria are met.;You will receive updates via e mail.;You are required to attend refresher training annually and renew you licensing agreement with RDS annually.;;Crecreatives are accredited by RDS Training to deliver this training course.;;", ";Private location in Duluth, GAAddress provided to those who RSVP;Party Starts at 10pmTHE BLAKK CARD SOCIETY APPLICATION;http://bit.ly/Us76slAn Xclusive Premier Event!!!This is what the Game been Missing! For those that don\"t know..I the hottest Mansion Soirees Period!!! Always a warm environment with beautiful sexy people ready for fun and adult play!!;As soon as you come in you can feel comfortable knowing that you are in a safe secure non-judgemental environment. We will have an area where you can checkyour bags if you brought any. The hostess will show you the venue and also inform you of the rules of the house. #1 rule being RESPECT. There will be a Meet ; Greet time period from 10-12am that will be for the ENTIRE space. At Midnight the ONLY areas that will be for socializing in Streetwear will be the Main level. The downstairs level will be for SEXY SLEEPWEAR ONLY!!!One can feel comfortable to know that you do not have to do ANYTHING you do not want to do. This is a pressure free event. Just know that it is Mature..it is Grown...and it gets Very Sexxxy!!!Dress Code Bottom Level After Midnite: Pajamas, Lingerie, Panties arerequired for entry into the downstairs location. Ladies SEXXXY is the LOOK. Pajama pants, silk, satin, night gowns, body suits, ; lace lingerie are all allowed. Men put on your sexy pajamas, boxers, and robes Dressing rooms are available at the party.;Cummin Attractions:*Free Food ; Liquor Served*Full Body Masseuse*Shower ; Bath Masseuse*Exotic Dancer Pole*Erotic Movies in Theatre Room*Designated Play Areas*Hookah Section on the DeckMeet and Greet 10pm to 12amIts an All Nite Party so be Prepared to Stay the Night VIPs Get Rooms ; Beds Party starts at 10pmDoor Donation rates:-Couples $50 w Bottle 60 w/o-Ladies FREE w Bottle $10 w/o-Single Men $80 w Bottle $100 w/oText 704-390-2951 with Picture To RSVP ; for Address to Event!!!", "", "Quay New Years Eve 2013 Party!Bring in the New Year with your friends at Quay Restaurant and Bar!Package includes:AdmissionOpen Premium Bar from 9p-1a Belvedere, Grey Goose, Jameson, etcPassed Appetizers Flatbreads, Shrimp Cocktail, Sliders, Crabcakes, etcParty FavorsChampagne ToastBalloon DropDj and dancing all night!!Upscale Dress--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Quay is located in the heart of Chicagos booming Streeterville Neighborhood a block from Navy Pier.Quay features a high end sports lounge and upscale dining. The Atrium Lounge offers an atmosphere unlike any other in the city overlooking the river and city skyline.Nationally featured on the Food Networks Chef Hunter, Chef Dan Marquis showcases his talent by creating a perfectly crafted, seasonally adjusted farm to table menu paired beautifully with a wide ranging wine list.www.quaychicago.comwww.facebook.com/QuayChicago", "\"Most people believe it will never happen to them, get trained and be there when it really matters!\"We believe it is important that everyone especially parents and other carers of children have at least a basic knowledge of First Aid so that you can be a help to yourself or others that may be injured. The chances of someone recovering more easily, or even surviving an accident or injury can be greatly improved if someone immediately uses first aid knowledge to help assist them.Our fun and informative workshop can help you make that first step to learning basic first aid which is a great life skill to have. Although this particular workshop is not certified it will give you the basic skills, knowledge and confidence to respond in an emergency situation and can serve as a taster to see if you want to continue your training and complete a fully certified first aid course.At this workshop all participants are made to feel welcome and fully integrated into the session by using a variety of proven training strategies which include videos, role play, games, practical sessions, quizzes and open discussion; this ensures you not only learn in a way that is best suited to you and enjoy yourself whilst doing so.FAQsQ. Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event? A. Yes due to the nature of this workshop it is strictly 16yrs + please bring some form of photo ID i.e. driving license or passport. Q. What are my transport/parking options getting to the event? A. Bus:267, 237, 391, 65, Rail: Gunnersbury 10 minute walk Kew Bridge Station 5 minute walkTube:Gunnersbury Tube 10 minute walk Chiswick Park Tube 17 minute walk Car: M4 High Road North Circluar Road. Parking:There is plenty of car parking available directly outside the centre. Q. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? A. Email info@thinktankconsultancy.com or call 0844 776 1670. Q. Can I update my ticket/registration information? A. Yes, you can update your information up until 30mins before the workshop starts. Q. Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the workshop? A. Yes, a valid printed ticket will be required to gain entry into the workshop. Q. What is the refund policy? Canceled Workshop - If your workshop is canceled, in most cases you wont need to do a thing: well inform you of the cancellation and refund the amount you paid for your tickets Replacement Tickets - If your ticket/s is lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed, please contact us and we will be happy to help.Refunds and Exchanges - All tickets for workshops are fully refundable up until 24 hours prior to the workshop commences. Q. The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay? A. No, the name of the ticket must match the attendee We will always try to accommodate you if possible, so if you have a problem with youre booking please dont hesitate to contact us.", "", "", "", "\"Most people believe it will never happen to them, get trained and be there when it really matters!\"We believe it is important that everyone especially parents and other carers of children have at least a basic knowledge of First Aid so that you can be a help to yourself or others that may be injured. The chances of someone recovering more easily, or even surviving an accident or injury can be greatly improved if someone immediately uses first aid knowledge to help assist them.Our fun and informative workshop can help you make that first step to learning basic first aid which is a great life skill to have. Although this particular workshop is not certified it will give you the basic skills, knowledge and confidence to respond in an emergency situation and can serve as a taster to see if you want to continue your training and complete a fully certified first aid course.At this workshop all participants are made to feel welcome and fully integrated into the session by using a variety of proven training strategies which include videos, role play, games, practical sessions, quizzes and open discussion; this ensures you not only learn in a way that is best suited to you and enjoy yourself whilst doing so.FAQsQ. Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event? A. Yes due to the nature of this workshop it is strictly 16yrs + please bring some form of photo ID i.e. driving license or passport. Q. What are my transport/parking options getting to the event? A. Bus:267, 237, 391, 65, Rail: Gunnersbury 10 minute walk Kew Bridge Station 5 minute walkTube:Gunnersbury Tube 10 minute walk Chiswick Park Tube 17 minute walk Car: M4 High Road North Circluar Road. Parking:There is plenty of car parking available directly outside the centre. Q. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? A. Email info@thinktankconsultancy.com or call 0844 776 1670. Q. Can I update my ticket/registration information? A. Yes, you can update your information up until 30mins before the workshop starts. Q. Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the workshop? A. Yes, a valid printed ticket will be required to gain entry into the workshop. Q. What is the refund policy? Canceled Workshop - If your workshop is canceled, in most cases you wont need to do a thing: well inform you of the cancellation and refund the amount you paid for your tickets Replacement Tickets - If your ticket/s is lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed, please contact us and we will be happy to help.Refunds and Exchanges - All tickets for workshops are fully refundable up until 24 hours prior to the workshop commences. Q. The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay? A. No, the name of the ticket must match the attendee We will always try to accommodate you if possible, so if you have a problem with youre booking please dont hesitate to contact us.", "House Party was truly an awesome day! Our community came together with tremendous spirit and gusto! Our fabulous volunteers performed a number of services including interior drywall repair, ceiling replacement, lighting repair, screen porch replacement, exterior staircase built, wheelchair ramp added, exterior painting, landscaping, planting, lawn beautification, and much, much more!", "Participate and get payed :", "TPE 4 Profit Ent. David Be World Star Hip Hop Mtv PRESENTSJUYIKESTHIS YEARS BIGGEST 4TH OF JULY EVENTJuly 26,2013 Doors Open 9pm - 2amMasonic Temple 101 Temple Way, Vallejo Ca.WORLD STAR HIP HOP ; MTV CAMERAS WILL BE ROLLING!We invite you to this years BIGGEST 4 JULY EVENT to hit the BAY AREA since TOOT IT AND BOOT IT ; FREAK FEST! The one and only official JUYIKES! Taking place this year in Vallejo 1000+ CapacityTEXT GUEST LIST NAMES OR FOR INFO:323943-8022HOSTED BY:MISS INDY DIP #GetitIndy #WANNIGOTTHEJUICE MsTurn UpCASHMERE 2 POPULARMr Popular Himself DAVID BE MrBenjaminSPECIAL GUESTCHONKIE THE KING OF THE YIKEPRICELESS DA ROCMR. SAUCY HIMSELFR.DOTKING OF SACRAMENTO99%CAMOFLAGE ; J-BANGA VALLEJOS NEXT UPKRYS LAWSONNEWEST ARTIST TO HIT THE SCENEAND SUPRISE CELEBRITY GUEST! YOU WILL NO BE DISSAPOINTED--------------------------", "CAPTIVATE String ShowcasePresentation of primary and secondary \"String Things\" program; the CAPTIVATE String Orchestra and individual student performances", ";Consid&eacute;r&eacute; aujourd&rsquo;hui comme l&rsquo;un des festivals les plus importants du pays, le festival Timitar nous offre chaque ann&eacute;e une manifestation, d&eacute;sormais bien enracin&eacute;e, il &oelig;uvre activement &agrave; la promotion des cultures r&eacute;gionales du Souss Massa Dr&acirc;a : il a ainsi su donner &agrave; la cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; amazighe ses lettres de noblesse.Mais le Festival Timitar est avant tout une f&ecirc;te ouverte &agrave; tous.Une f&ecirc;te o&ugrave; les musiques amazighes et les musiques du monde se rassemblent dans une m&ecirc;me volont&eacute; d&rsquo;&eacute;change, de partage.F&eacute;d&eacute;rateur de projets de d&eacute;veloppement r&eacute;gional, Timitar favorise &eacute;galement la cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; des artistes locaux. Il est donc une illustration vivante, chaque fois renouvel&eacute;e, de cette aptitude qu&rsquo;a la musique &agrave; rassembler et &agrave; faire dialoguer les diff&eacute;rences qui peuvent exister entre les peuples, mais &eacute;galement entre les hommes.Le Festival Timitar est devenu ainsi un rendez-vous incontournable dans le paysage culturel marocain.En quatre &eacute;ditions, le Festival Timitar est parvenu &agrave; fid&eacute;liser un public de plus en plus nombreux. Anim&eacute;s par une curiosit&eacute; et un enthousiasme grandissant, les spectateurs peuvent y d&eacute;couvrir, ou y red&eacute;couvrir, les tr&eacute;sors musicaux d&rsquo;ici et d&rsquo;ailleurs ; son impact d&eacute;passe dor&eacute;navant largement les limites g&eacute;ographiques de la r&eacute;gion Souss Massa Dr&acirc;a et du Maroc.Pour cette dixi&egrave;me &eacute;dition, pr&egrave;s d&rsquo;une quarantaine de groupes d&rsquo;origines tr&egrave;s vari&eacute;es se produiront sur sc&egrave;ne. Qu&rsquo;il soit originaire de l&rsquo;ensemble du territoire marocain, de diverses contr&eacute;es du monde ou issu de l&rsquo;&eacute;migration amazighe, chaque artiste enrichira ce programme.En outre, l&rsquo;&eacute;dition 2013 du Festival mettra aussi l&rsquo;accent sur les diff&eacute;rents styles des musiques actuelles, notamment, le rock fusion, le Hip-hop, le Deejaying et les musiques &eacute;lectroniques seront aussi &agrave; l&rsquo;honneur.Le public qui se donne rendez-vous chaque ann&eacute;e &agrave; Agadir est indiff&eacute;remment constitu&eacute; de jeunes et d&rsquo;adultes, venant seuls, en famille ou en groupe et issu de toutes origines culturelles et de toutes conditions sociales et de zones g&eacute;ographiques tr&egrave;s vari&eacute;es public local, r&eacute;gional, national et international.Les spectateurs de Timitar se verront offrir, une fois de plus un festival dont la richesse, la nouveaut&eacute; et l&rsquo;extr&ecirc;me diversit&eacute; sauront les enthousiasmer et les surprendre.... Plus de d&eacute;tail sur www.festivaltimitar.ma", "NhaTrang Firework Festival", "In this course you will learn how to design a logo from brief to completion. You will watch as I take a logo design brief from the client on Skype and then I will break down the whole process into simple steps.You will learn:how to generate initial ideashow to use sketching to get your ideas down quicklydifferent ways you can come up with ideas through a step by step processabout different fontsabout common logo text positioningabout different colour optionshow to work up the best ideas in Adobe Illustratorhow to send the ideas to the clientYou will also learn the more practical side of logo design, how to quote for a project and things to be aware of.This course also includes a bonus 60pg ebook guide of how to design a logo including warm up exercises and sample logo project.", "We will teach you most new techniques for new updates for free.", "Because of the response of my last event I am giving another oportunity For those of you who missed out this amazing deal.Have you ever tasted some of those lovely french bakery and asked yourself what makes them so special. You will have a one time opportunity to watch a French chef give you the step by step secret to making lovely French Croissants at home. All you will need is a computer and internet conection and skype to take part in the event.Also price will include dvds sent to you to view on your own convenience to make sure you do not miss ou any steps when you will be making the croissants yourselves.;", "6 Days Malaysia Visit at Malaysia Top 5 Starts Hotel In Kuala Lampur.Include VisaEntry Pass Air Ticket, Local Travels, Food Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner and 3 time Tea, Photo ShotFor Folowing Countries.;USA,Canada,UK,;For ore details call us at: 646-556-8264", "Hello!Online 1 Day Cpanel Security System Traning.We will tech you about How to secure your Cpanel and Server from Hacking.With All basic tools. ;Also we will tech you how to detecy bug/error in your system.This 2 Hours traning will help you to Secure your server and prevent from Hacking/Attack.", "", "", "The 3rd Annual Sweet Sounds of Music Fundraiser benefitting Uptown Music Theatre will be held on Sunday, October 20, 2013 at the Xavier University Grand Ballroom. Proceeds from this event will fund this group of talented, local youth as they prepare to compete in the National Junior Theatrics Festival being held in Atlanta in January 2014. Uptown Music Theatre has been recognized as one of eight top theatrical organizations in the nation in their two previous trips to the competition. In addition to competing for a three-peat victory at the 2014 event, UMT has been selected to present a musical excerpt from Disney&rsquo;s soon to be released 101 Dalmatians, Jr.;;UMT performers will be featured on the main stage of the competition and perform for an audience of nearly 5000 attendees and musical theatre professionals from around the country.Generous donors like you are the key to our success. We hope that we can count on your support. To find out more about the programs of the Uptown Music Theatre or to donate online visit http://www.umtno.org. To find out more about the Junior Theatrics Festival visit;http://www.itheatrics.com.", "Mortys renaissance features an indoor concert spotlighting Texas Country Music, local restaurants and a boat show. country music lovers flock to mortys for this annual concert in house. This event draws concert goers from Grapevine, Dallas, Fort Worth, Frisco, The Colony and cities throughout the Dallas-Ft. Worth area. Lakefest concerts have featured Texas favorites like Jerry Jeff Walker, Kevin Fowler, The Eli Young Band, Johnny Cooper, Charlie Robison, Robert Earl Keen and Stoney LaRue.Mortys renaissance celebrates friends, family and the community surrounded by one our most important natural resources, our waterways. By joining The Marinas of Lake Grapevine and the Texas Association For Infant Mental Health TAIMH at mortys renaissanceDon&rsquo;t miss mortys renaissance, the annual indoor concert. With plenty of food and fun and a spectacular display of fireworks over Lake Grapevine. Bring your friends and family for a fun filled evening!", "Winner: The Rory Peck Award for Features \"She renders herself invisible and lets the stories unfold on their own. She took huge risks...[and] connected political issues to the characters without turning the film into a polemic.\" Judge's CommentOnly memories remain for the villagers in Lampuuk, an hours drive from Banda Aceh in Indonesia, the city closest to the epicentre of the earthquake and tsunami of 26 December 2004. Ruhi Hamid's film tells the story of a village flattened by the 2004 Tsunami. When the tsunami hit the village it killed 6,000 inhabitants, leaving behind just 1,000 to mourn the loss of their families, friends and homes. \"Capturing the stories of my characters was often upsetting, but my motivation was to tell their incredible stories of courage, resilience and hope in rebuilding their lives and observe the complexities of the politics around the disaster,\" said Ruhi about her film. \"Everyone is taking care of each other here... and we are becoming a solid community,\" says Anita, one of the 100 villagers who returned to Lampuuk six weeks after the tragedy to begin the reconstruction. Anita is convinced that the tsunami is a punishment. \"it is a warning from Allah,\" she says, \"because we have neglected our faith.\" Rebuilding is a daunting prospect, but like the rest of Aceh, the survivors are refusing to let the disaster destroy what little they have left. Ruhi Hamids documentary was made in cooperation with BBC, and it tells the story of those who decided to stay. Director: Ruhi Hamid Production Company: BBCCountry: UKYear of Production: 2005Running Time: 49 mins", "", "I invite all to the party. I promise that will be very cheerful. Money which I shall collect will go on entertainments and alcohol. Join me.", "In the Garden of Sounds nel giardino dei suoniNicola Bellucci | Italy | 2010 | 85minUK PremiereA touching, poetic exploration of the relationship between mind, body and sound, and a cinematic journey to the borders of communication. Nicola Belluccis documentary tells the extraordinary story of Wolfgang Fasser, a blind musician and soundscape artist who works with severy handicapped children, helping them to find a place in a world not made for them. On his own way into darkness, Fasser discovered the world of sounds, a parallel universe to our visual world. His far-reaching explorations of sounds effect on body and mind led him to the field of musictherapy. Today the Swiss native lives and works in a beautiful mountain village in Tuscany. Most of his young patients have multiple disabilities; some are blind and cant speak, others seem to be completely oblivious to the world around them. Step by step, through the use of all kind of sounds, Fasser establishes a dialog with the children and dramatically improves their capabilities of expression and perception. In his free time, Fasser often hikes alone or with his dog through the vallies of Tuscany, recording soundscapes with his digital recorder. For him, these recordings are like post cards, he says, because its through sound that he sees and remembers the places he visits. Nel giardino dei suoni is a film with an engaging story and strong images. Winner of the Prix de Soleure 2010.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "The Christmas has passed as well as new year, but I still have a christmas mood. I offer a party for same as well as I, who else has christmas mood. In this occasion I want to arrange the large party. I already have invited musical group and class DJ. I need to buy a lot of meal and alcohol. I have no so much money to buy so much. I hope for your help. I wait for any and I promise that will be very cheerful.", "BUFFET!!!!ANY AFRICAN FOOD YOU DESIRE WILL BE PREPARED FOR YOU DELIGHTFREE WINE PER PERSON", "", "ALL PROCEEDS WILL GO TOWARD BETTERING OUR FACILITIES IN ATLANTA, GA AS WELL AS GIVING FUTURE BONE MARROW PHYSICIAN SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES.. FEEL FREE TO DONATE AS WEL AS STAY FOR THIS ENJOYABLE TIME FOR FELLOWSHIP.1ST ANNUAL BONE MARROW CHARITY BALL AND CONCERT IS BACK AGAIN, LAST YEAR WE RASIED $200,000+ DOLLARS AN ITS ALREADY BEING SAID THIS YEAR WILL BE EVENT BIGGER.. WE HAVE MULTIPLE ONLINE TICKET OUTLETS AVAILABLE BUT THIS PAGE WILL FEATURE AND EXCLUSIVE COMPLIMENTARY 3 NIGHT STAY IN DOWNTOWN ATLANTA PEABODY, COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST AND SEMINAR DAILY ON HOW WE CAN HELP IMPROVE A VERY HARMFUL BUT DECREASING WITH OUR HELP DESEASE IN THE US.THE BALL WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE DOWNTOWN ATLANTA HIGH MUSEUM FOR CONTEMPORARY ART. MINUTES FROMT THE PEABODY HOTEL. FOR MORE INFO VISIT US ONLINE AT WWW.NOMARROW.COM WE WOULDLIKE TO THANK EVERYBODY IN ADVANCE FOR THERE ATTENDENCE, THIS EVENT IS SURE TO BE A GREAT ONE. ALSO FOR SPONSORSHIP PACKAGES PLEASE CALL 205453-2547 FOR MORE INFO.", "PLEASE COME AND HAVE A GREAT TO THE BEST ALL WHITE PARTY BEST FOOD AND WINE U EVERED TASTE DRESS TOEMPRESSED BRING UR FRIENDS AND FAMILY U WANT REGREAT IT I PROMIS MAKE SURE UR IN ALL WHIT OR U WILL;NOT GET IN BIG NAMES ARE IN ATTENDENCE CANT SAY ITS A SUPRISE;", "", "", "", "Join Building Twentyone for our first Comedy with a Cause fundraiser. This event features two nationally acclaimed comedians, hors doeuvres, and a presentation of Building Twentyone.", "The WorldWide Kingdom Ministries is hosting a powerful conference/Revival on May 17-20 @ 1289 S. Dixie Hwy Deer Field Beach,FL,33441. Is a 4 days Prophet Impartation and Activation meeting.Come receive your healing and your breakthrough,dont forget at the power zone anything can happen at anytime.You cant miss it.Please donate $20,$50,$100,$500,$1000 or more to help us support the orphans in this world.The bible declares,give and it shall be given unto you.We Love you all and bring someone with you.You are a champion!!!", "Save 40% on the 6th Annual Best of the Best Concert 2012 in Miami!!http://offers.cbslocal.com/deal/9926/40-percent-off-the-best-of-the-best-concertHeadlining this year are musical sensations like Meek Mill, French Montana, Shaggy, Ace Hood, Funk Master Flex, DJ Khaled, 2 Chains. Fabolous and just added Fat Joe. From Caribbean music to reggae to your favorite hip-hop jams, Best of the Best Concert brings together music fans from all over for a night of dancing, singing, and all-out-jamming.;;", "The City of Daytona Beach and the YWCAA would like to welcome you all to our 2nd annual Purple Ribbon Gala mixer and fundraiser.. You habe arrived at our online merchant center for donations and tickets to a very worthy cause.;Domestic Violence happens in 7 out of 10 homes rather mentally or physically and the Purple ribbon group is a non profit organization founded for one purpose and that is to help to bring that number down one family at a time.Last year we raised over $30,000 and helkped many victims in our city become empowered. This year we hope to do even better. With each ticket sold is acompannied by our progrma of sponsors, dinner and free admission to the wine mixer imediately following. Our celebrity host will include the lovely Ms. Robin Givens and music will be by the Crooks and Castles medlely.;;", "", "", "", "One day dance class, exclusive dancers need ticket to enter there will be professional dancers to help instruct the class. So come down and enjoy.", "Music for Autismand Broadway&rsquo;s Jersey BoysDominic Nolfi ; Dominic Scaglione Cordially Invite You forAn Evening of Cocktails, Hors d&rsquo;oeuvres and MusicThursday, the fourth of October at AVENUEfrom seven to ten o&rsquo;clock116 10th AvenueNew York, New York Sponsored by GIVEN LIQUERTickets: 1 for $120 &bull; 2, 3, or 4 at $100 each &bull; 5 for $450 $75 of each ticket purchased may be tax deductible. Music for Autism is a tax exempt 501c3 charitable organization", "New Years EveBarra Libre | Open Bar@ Amnesia Loungeat the intersection of CAMP CREEK PARKWAY ;$50 includesOPEN BAR ALL NIGHT LONG!All you can drink. Top Shelf.;Admission", "Its only been two weeks since we have reopened and we have already hosted 8 amazing nights of dinner and parties. This Thursday night we are having another Dinner ; Dance party.;Come join us for great fusion of Japanese and Mediteranean canapes, catered by ourselfs and amazing in house chefs.Our bar will be open as usual how ever all guests will be welcomed with champagne and canapes. Tables are also available with your own bottle of champagne and amazing mix platter.For those who have visited before know how amazing the evening can be and for others will have to come and try.Entrance &pound;50Tables &pound;400 Entrance for 4 + Bottle of magnum and canape platter;*If you need to book further table or have a larger booking call Brian on 07425010260 or for more information visit our website www.kumoknightsbridge.com*", "GRAND FINALE OF FOREX WITHOUT TEARS.Do you want to spend more time with your family?Are you looking for another source of income that could help you leave your JOB?Maybe you want to start a \"portable\" businessthat you can run from anywhere in the world in less than 20 minutes a daywith no employees, no office, and no boss to answer to...Or you have traded with losses instead of profits?Now is the time to learn the trick of the trade!With the expert!Simon Denglebert has been teaching forex with live analysis and live trading4hrs seminar onThe 4 \"Golden Rules\" That MostTraders Will NEVER LearnFree meal at break time plus DVD of Seminar teachings.Only for a tokenPS49.99Cardiff Marriott HotelMill Lane * Cardiff, WalesCF10 1EZ United Kingdom6th September 2012Request for map directions via email:seancon@ymail.com", "Join us at Fire N Ice as we welcome RUFF ; SMOOTH to New Jersey. The artist will perform from 7pm till 11 PM and after party follows which means your ticket qaulifies you for the afterparty. This is an opportunity to meet the superstar and dance along as they perform, we also have 3 Djs on deck to thrill you all night. The events comprises of regular and VIP sitting, and in the VIP sections a bottle of champagne will be available before the guest arrival. Its a party you dont want to MISS.; COME ONE COME ALL;", ";HO!...HO!...HO!;; VH1..LOVE ; HIPHOP!..STARS STEVIE J;AND JOSELINE HERNANDEZ ; FRIENDS. 2012 XMAS PARTY!!;AT CLUB;PARADISE LOUNGE 112 NORTH 5TH ST,RICHMOND,VA 23219;FOR V.I.P! PACKAGES/ BOTTLEs ;803466-7466 LINDA;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; HO! .. HO! ... HO! /;MERRY...XMAS!; ;STEVIE J AND JOSELINE HERNANDEZ...;IS;ON THE WAY!!;;;;;;", "Where we provide a seating plan for events, we make every effort to show you correct information. However, we are unable to guarantee the accuracy of our seating plans in case of short term or venue specific changes.", "Music By Mysto ; Pizzi;http://www.soundcloud.com/mystoandpizziAT A GLANCE:;OPEN BAR 9PM-1AMPASSED HORS DOEUVRES 9-11PMCHAMPAGNE TOAST AT MIDNIGHTThe Double Seven is New Yorks most stylish cocktail lounge. Initially opened in 2005, The Double Seven was the first venue to bring the post-Prohibition era cocktail movement,;complete;with hand-cut ice and freshly-pressed juices, to the downtown fashion scene. ;At the height of its popularity in 2007, The Double Seven was forced to close and search for a new location when the building in which it resided was sold. ;;;Now reborn only blocks away, The Double Seven is a slightly larger and more accessible space that retains the intimacy of its predecessor and the same commitment to the highest quality of service, product and design.;The Double Seven is the ideal spot for those thirsty for one more cocktail and some good conversation after a night out for dinner, or for those who are looking for a fun and upbeat night on the town, but seek a more manageable and grown-up nightlife experience. ;;This Event is 21+ with proper ID", "", "Living with cancer is a foundation dedicated to providng services, transportation and products to patients of Cancer.It is estimated that about 1.48 million new cases of cancer were diagnosed in 2009.Approximately 562,000 Americans are expected to die of cancer &ndash; more than 1,500 people a day, according to a 2007 report.Cancer is the second leading cause of death among all Americans, exceeded only by heart disease.In the U.S., one out of every four deaths is attributed to cancer.Over the course of a lifetime, one in three women and one in two men will develop cancer.About 77 percent of all cancers are diagnosed in patients aged 55 or older.The leading cancer for men of all races is prostate cancer, following by lung cancer and colorectal cancer.Breast cancer is the most prevalent cancer among women, regardless of race.Among white women, lung cancer is the second most common cancer followed by colorectal cancer.For black and Asian/Pacific Islander women, colorectal cancer is the second most common cancer and lung cancer is third.More than one million cases of nonmelanoma skin cancer will be diagnosed this year.Among children aged 14 and younger, the most common cancers are leukemias.Overall, cancer rates are higher for whites and blacks than for Asians/Pacific Islanders.Approximately 5 percent of cancers are hereditary.The five-year relative survival rate for all cancers is 86 percent. That means that 14 percent of all patients diagnosed with cancer survive less than five years.Relative survival rates have risen to 66 percent in 2002, up from 51 percent in 1977.In 2008, the overall cost of cancer was an estimated $228.1 billion, including $93.2 billion in direct medical costs.", "nba ticket", "salut;Comme vous le savez les eleves du College Don Bosco de Nice effectuent une visite ce Samedi 20 Avril 2013 au parc dattraction Disneyland Paris, Marne la Vallee.chers parents deleves evitez donc a vos enfants de se faire compter ces merveilleux moments que nous allons y passer, la presence de tous est vivement souhaitee.Nous avons cree cette page afin de permettre a tous les parents etant dans l incapacite de se deplacer pour acheter les billets de le faire ici. Veuillez vous y prendre tot pour une meilleur organisation de la sortieLe prix du billet comprend le transport Aller et Retour de nice a paris ainsi que le ticket dentre pour les 2 parcs disneyland et la nourriture sur place.Bien cordialement", "get your account and play for the first time to the best online game ever /", "It has been said that \"dancing is the loftiest, the most moving, the most beautiful of the arts, because it is no mere translation or abstraction from life; it is life itself.\"Do you think you can dance? Come to this event and showcase your skills.Would you like to witness some amazing dancing skills? Come to this event - guaranteed to provide you with an experience of a lifetime.There's no question about it, events such as this one don't come around too often.Come to this event and be blown away with blissful euphoria. You won't only get to witness great dancing, but also you'll get to improve your own dancing moves as well.They say that dancing is the poetry of the foot and that it is like dreaming with your feet. Therefore, if to dance is to dream, then we hope to make your dreams come true at this event.See you at the event, as we'll all be aiming to \"dance like a star\".", "", "", "", ";SUNDAY WILL BE A TOTAL SHUT DOWN;PICK WHERE YOU WANNA GO BUT PICK WISELY!!POP THAT WILL BE A SOLD OUT NITE;COME PARTY LIKE A ROCK STAR;WITH SOME OF THE BEST DJS AROUND FOR MORE INFO;VIP TABLES ONLYINFORMATION CALL :D. SMOOTH 07984866184", "LIMITED TIX AVAILABLE @ THE DOOR. FOR VIP CABANA ; DAYBED INFORMATION PLEASE CALL 7036258968.", "Are You Ready to Rock your World with a Galactic Waveof Positive Energy and Transformation?!then join us now ... The Worlds Largest InteractiveLaw of Attraction Community as featured on national TV.Our playshops simply uplift you to the core of your being...youll:Engage in FUN wisely designed;activities that connect you with the most abundant, happy and loving YOU!Deeply Empower yourself, energizing your ability to manifest your hearts desires fasterConnect deeply with some of the most positive in-the-know friends on the planet.", "le;;Minist&egrave;re de la Culture organise la deuxi&egrave;me &eacute;dition des;&laquo; Carrefours R&eacute;gionaux de Jeunes Artistes Peintres &raquo; .;Le concours est ouvert aux jeunes peintres marocains &acirc;g&eacute;s de 18 &agrave; 30 ans. Cette manifestation sera organis&eacute;e au niveau de toutes les directions r&eacute;gionales du Minist&egrave;re de la Culture.;Les candidats prim&eacute;s au niveau r&eacute;gional participeront au &laquo; PRIX NATIONAL DES JEUNES ARTISTES PEINTRES &raquo; un comit&eacute; de s&eacute;lection sera charg&eacute; de la s&eacute;lection des &oelig;uvres qui participeront au concours ainsi que l&rsquo;attribution des prix aux trois des meilleurs artistes :;; - 1er prix : 10.000,00 dhs; - 2&egrave;me prix : 8.000,00 dhs; - 3&egrave;me prix : 5.000,00 dhs;Le candidat doit retirer le Guide de r&eacute;f&eacute;rence du concours et le formulaire de participation directement de la Direction R&eacute;gionale concern&eacute;e ou les t&eacute;l&eacute;charger du site Web du Minist&egrave;re de la Culture www.minculture.gov.ma.;Lieu du d&eacute;p&ocirc;t du dossier de candidature : direction r&eacute;gionale du Minist&egrave;re du Culture concern&eacute;es.;Date limite du d&eacute;p&ocirc;t : le 16 septembre 2013;Pour tout renseignement contacter les Directions r&eacute;gionales du Minist&egrave;re de la Culture selon les coordonn&eacute;es affich&eacute;es sur le site web du Minist&egrave;re.; ;;Les formulaires dinscription sont en ligne ici:;http://62.251.205.148/fr/index.php?option=com_content;view=article;id=1035%3Acarrefours-regionaux-des-jeunes-artistes-peintres-2013;catid=76%3Aactivites-arts;Itemid=103;lang=fr", "L&rsquo;Union Amicale P&eacute;tanque Aigrefeuillaise organise un concours de p&eacute;tanque le samedi 7 septembre 2013, &agrave; partir de 14h, place du 8 Mai &agrave; Aigrefeuille.;Concours r&eacute;serv&eacute; aux licenci&eacute;s FFPJP. Il se d&eacute;roule en doublettes form&eacute;es en formule 3.;Frais de Participation par &eacute;quipe : 10 &euro; et la dotation est de 30 %;Renseignements et inscription aupr&egrave;s de Monsieur Pinaud au 05 46 66 88 10 ou au 06 07 09 37 83", ";FAQs;What;happens in the;Modification Workshop?With the assistance of a Modifcation Specialist,;you;will be prequalified for a loan modification. All documents;will be prepared, completed;and;faxed to your lender during the workshop.;Why should I attend the workshop?When attending the workshop, the modification specialist will prequalify you for the type of modification you qualify for. You will also;be provided follow up questions and techniques to track the progress of your;modification, as well as methods of how;to overcome obstacles if needed.All participants will also become a member in our;resource;database to keep notes and records of all calls to your lender, and you will be able to upload documents in the database in one area for;additional;faxing.;What if I have a Sale/Auction Date Pending?There are many options to Stop a Sale Date. In many cases we may be able to stop or postpone pending sale/auction dates during the modification process. In most workshops there will staff if you need further assistance.What if I file Bankruptcy?In many cases even though a homeowner has filed bankrupcy, they will still need a modification to lower their monthly payments ; capitalize back payments.Note: You will learn how bankruptcy works with modifications inside the workshop.;What do I need to bring to the Modification Workshop?;DOCUMENTS NEEDED:Proof Of Income Last 2 Paystubs -; Lease Agreements - SSI Award Letter- etc.2012 Tax Returns Signed ; DatedLast 2 Months Bank Statements All PagesOPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:Mortgage Statement OptionalProperty Tax Bill OptionalHomeowners Insurance Declaration Page OptionalOriginal Loan Documents Optional;Note: All other documents for the loan modification will be provided and completed in the workshop.RMA - 4606T - Financial Form - Hardship Letter - Profit ; Loss Statements - Etc.;Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?Yes. The modification workshops;are \"Registered Participants Only\".;Is my registration/ticket transferrable?Yes. The ticket is transferrable if the office is notified prior to attending the Modification Workshop.;May I bring another person to the workshop?Yes. The ticket will be discounted to;$150;ONLY to;co-borrower;on the mortgage.;A new ticket must be purchased at full price for all other participants to attend the workshop.Note: Please bring mortgage statement with co-borrower name.Do you accept walk-ins?Yes.; Walk-ins will ONLY be accepted if there is available space after the registered participants. The price will be $500.;What is the refund policy?In the event that you cant attend your;scheduled modification workshop, You may attend;the next scheduled;modification workshop or you may transfer your ticket to;another person.Note: Be sure to notify the office of the transferred ticket 24 hrs prior to the scheduled workshop date.", "Dance OpenAir Party", "", "", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Are you a supplier or a strategic partner?CPSAs Strategic Account Management examines the strategic and tactical elements involved in key account sales. This program is designed to help you establish holistic, value-based partnerships with large customers, optimize your penetration of those accounts, and maximize the revenue and profit they generate for you and your company.Who Should Attend- Key account representatives- Salespeople focused on business-to-business account selling with less than 20 accounts- Past participants of Professional Selling, Effective Negotiating Strategies and Communicating to Influence Buying DecisionsSales Training Benefits- Employ a successful step-by-step method to become a valuable strategic partner with your customers- Elevate the strategic partnership, facilitate integration and synergy with your key clients- Conduct a consultative investigation meeting to uncover key information about a clients business, goals, and needs- Create a proposal, structured as a sound business case, that includes the unique value proposition which aligns with the clients business objectives- Maximize the Return On Time Invested with each of your key accounts and individual sales opportunities you pursue Selectively target the key account you approach for new business development with well-defined goals aligned with your organizationSales Training ContentBuilding Blocks of Successful Key Account Selling- Overview of the foundational principles of the Value Pyramid and the various roles played by Key Account Representatives- Optimizing the value clients seek from you and your organization- Strategies to increase integration and synergy within key accounts - partnership evolution- Maximizing ROTI within your accounts and assessing future sales opportunitiesStrategic Territory PlanningKey concepts and principles about goal setting and forecasting- Tools to perform a detailed analysis of your organization as compared to the competition and the marketplace- Applying the Key Account Targeting Model to identify where to invest your time: goal alignment, forecasting, territory planning, and time allocation- Building the territory plan based on all information collected from various analysesStrategic Key Account Sales ProcessOverview of Account Acquisition and Opportunity Sales components of the strategic key account sales process- Converting account data into strategic intelligence and insight- Building comprehensive action steps, growth strategy, and strategic account plans- Using consultative investigation dialogue with members of the Decision Influence Group to uncover their unique motives and needs- Keys to effective solution implementation based on a strong business case of financial argumentsStrategic Account Management- Building an annual business review for your existing key accounts- Developing a strategic account plan, financial business case, to grow your major account- Developing and delivering consultative advice and business solutions- Building and communicating your unique value proposition to senior executives", "Too Short will be performing live at the coyote club in morgan hill on june 11th. Doors open at 8pm, show starts at 9pm. This is your chance to see Too Short in an up close setting, dont miss out! 21 and up event.", "You are a student?! You are ready to share about your studying ?! We cordially invite you to join Success in Success in study * Time : 11:00pm - 06:50pm, July 4th, 2011 * Location: Cluniea college Main Building, 46900 Mission Boulevard Fremont, CA 94589-5847 * Agenda:01:00pm - 01:30pm : Welcome02:30pm - 03:15pm : Sharing from Mr. Gilbert Paul MD of KMS Technology YTS03:30pm - 04:00pm : Tea break 04:10pm - 04:30am : Sharing from Mrs. Jessi Underwood VP of Technology of KMS Technology FLoS04:45pm - 06:30pm : Open discussion06:30:45pm - 06:50pm : Closing notesWe hope the above date will be convenient for you. Look forward to welcome you all at the event. Yours faithfully,The Organization board.", "We will rock you tonite !!!!!! * Time : 6:00pm - 11:50pm, July 24th, 2011 * Location: Cly Main Building, 170-A Wenatchee Common,Fremont, CA 94539-5847 Second floor  * Agenda:06:00pm - 06:30pm : Welcome06:30pm - 07:30pm : introduceeach boy band!  4 bands  07:40pm - 08:20pm : Enjoy your meal 08:25pm - 11:20pm : Rock you ; rock me $ rock us 1120:pm - 11:50pm : Bye Bye my FriendsWe hope the above date will be convenient for you. Look forward to welcome you all at the event.Yours faithfully,", "", "", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "Ngoi Xem Mong Hoa Hau Hoa Hau Dai Dam", "Summary:;12th Annual ASPD Charity Golf Tournament benefiting Relay for Life of Altamonte Springs;Purse/Prizes:;2 Hole in One prizes for grabs, which are a 2012 Nissan Z and a 2012 Harley Davidson Road King. Other competitions will be longest drive, putting competion $100 cash prize, 50/50 raffle, and lots of trophies.Entry policy:No Pro Golfers", "At Sacmetro Magazine, we want to help your business grow. We will be featuring a handful of businesses accompanied by live music, complimentary food, and a great place to interact with potential customers and or other business owners. If you are not already listed with Sacmetro Magazine, by purchasing a booth we will automatically register you at no additional cost. Annually, we will be awarding the most loved places / businesses in each catagory the Sacmetro Magazine Spotlight Award. Please note that you must be registered to win. For more information about this event, please visit:;;http://sacmetromagazine.com/businessshowcase", "Have you wanted to become more organized with your digital files? Do you want to be backed up in case of a catastrophe? Do you want your workflow to be manageable and repeatable? If you have answered yes to any of these this class is for your!", "Hip-hop Party Night in Cielo club!", "Mayfair Country Orlando presents The 1st Annual Charity Drive 2012Come enjoy the festivities of Orlando and surrounding counties for a good Cause WEednesday May 16, 2012. This is the time for the worlds most experienced amateur and pro golfers to give back to the favorite charities.. All donations and proceeds go to the winners charity of his/her choice. There will be free food, games, wine tastings from the winehouse of Sanford must be 21+. This is one of the most highly anticipted events in 2012 to take place at the mayfair Golf Courses.General Golf play for the public is $200General Golf play for Mayfair members are $150Hole Sponsors are also $150 and also are added as a tag to whe winners specified charity.Lunch and dinner sponsors are $$500 each and includes seating at the head table and visible presentation placed into our coresponding newsletter.For more info contact the chairman Dr. Nick Trevor at 386243-9070", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "It is finally here. This is like my graduation day that I never had after getting kicked out of UT. I would appreciate your attendance. More details will be given in this next week. But I wanted to give everyone advance notice. This will be a truly special event that will consist of the followingLISTENING PARTY: 7:30pm-9:00pm--We will have sponsored food and drinks during this time--My EP will be played from start to finishEXIT BLACK BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION: 9:00pm-11:00pmfeaturing special guest opening acts and DJ BEST and others....ERIC WHITE LIVE PERFORMANCE: 11:00pm-12:00pmwith FULL BAND featuring some of the most talented artists in the cityDJ D-BEST AFTERPARTY: 12:00pm-2:00amTickets will go on sale soon. I will be doing presale orders where you pay upfront and get your hard copy of my cd at the party before its released the following Tuesday on itunes. I will also have them there, but wont know how many to get until you do presale.HOSTED BY D-TRAINPLEASE RSVP and COME!", "", "An exhibition of contemporary print and drawing art work by an upcoming artist .Any ticket comes with a free print and drawing art work within the choices avialableShare this event on", "Ultimate Event Dancers provides versatile, dynamic dancers and experienced choreographers for film, TV, commercials and live events.;;If you are looking for formal dinner entertainment for an awards evening, corporate event or themed party, our show-stopping dance routines and stunning costumes are sure to wow your guests. Ultimate will create a bespoke performance just for you.If youre looking for a more interactive experience, Ultimate provides dancers and glamorous hostesses for promotional activities, trade shows and club nights. Audience participation is our speciality and we guarantee to get the party started.;;Our experienced in house choreographers and directors have the ideas and knowledge to create original and innovative performances to the highest of standards. All our dancers are highly trained professionals with a wealth of experience in West End musicals, touring productions, cruise liners and pop concert arenas.;Give your guests the ULTIMATE experience!", "All white exclusive party with special guest. We are unable to let you know who will be attending but it will be full of celebrities and lots of performers. SO get your tickets now! My dance class was a huge success and this will be even bigger :", "All aspiring rappers come down and be seen. We will have suprise judges and whoever wins will be able to open up for Drake on his next tour with mmg. So get your tickets asap.", "", "", "Join us at Auggies Lounge as we celebrate the 3rd Annual All White Party. John Dumelo the movie star will host the events.Featuring DJ YUNG JAAHDJ JAMES REDIDJ SWAZZ DJ AZEEZThere will be group photos with the movie star, and VIP ticket holder have a booth of their own and champagne at the table with desert.This 3rd Annual All White Events is the most anticipated events hosted by ZACKLOG ENTERTAINMENT and dont MISS IT !!!", "", "Dont miss it", "Je Taime Parties is a movement for the pursuit of female pleasure, providing a safe sexual environment for women to explore their fantasies and desires.Every month we provide opportunities for like minded people to fulfill their wildest and most erotic fantasies, like partouse, kidnapping scenarios, feisty dungeon, eyes wide shut, wedding gangbang, mile high&hellip; an out-of-this-world experience where you&rsquo;re totally removed from your comfort zone.The ratio of our parties can vary from 60:40 or even 70:30 guys to girls, however women are always in charge as this is the key for spicing things up, they can get more confidence and can happily dance around in their underwear without being jumped on.", "WE ARE EXPERTS IN CRISIS AND AGGRESSION MANAGEMENT.This is a 1-day course aimed at housing and social care workers faced with avariety of challenging behaviours in residential and supported community care.We allow our delegates to face real life like approach to these behaviours and offerproffessional methods including breakaway technique and also delegates will be facedwith a variety of realistic case studies and audio-visual materialfrom which they will be asked to use our CAPE model to Clarify,Assess,Various ways to Plan and Evaluate both problem behaviours and our professional responses to these behaviours.", "Join BRTF as we kick off our 4TH PRESENTATION and shows ABOUT with an internet BRTF FOUNDATION presentation by;the president of BRTF foundation followed by a;panel with top startup founders;from Silicon Valley. Come hear about startup trends, interact with our panelists, learn about our competitions, and;meet your team;and learn a way foward for the brighter future.", "The event that you have all been waiting for is back for our 10th Anniversary! Cufflinks ; Cocktails X is Finally here!!! DJ Klarc Shepard will be playing the best in Old and New School Hip-Hop and R;B! 21 ; up to enter This is a Grown ; Sexy Event and the Dress Code will be STRICTLY ENFORCED!!! Come ready to mix and mingle while enjoying drink, bottle and VIP Specials, in an atmosphere that is unmatched, ALL Night Long!!!", "Our fantastic sales conference training event again 2013, for all website sales consultants, marketing also networking.", "First Book we will be reading is \"as a man thinkeths\"contueing from last session.please ensure you bring your books!", "IOCCUPIED ANNUAL ASSOCIATES EVENTS IOCCUPIED.net anuual associates event focus on new products development programmes globally as ;an opportunity to raise funds and share ideas for reproduction phase for our vission,aims and objectives to grow as an organisation.", "", "; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Le c&eacute;l&egrave;bre groupe a &eacute;t&eacute; fond&eacute; en 1996, sous;l&rsquo;impulsion de;Youcef Boukella, bassiste et compositeur.;;Groupe &agrave; g&eacute;om&eacute;trie variable, il regroupe plus d&rsquo;une dizaine de musiciens fran&ccedil;ais, maghr&eacute;bins et portugais, et fusionne de nombreux genres musicaux : cha&acirc;bi, ra&iuml;, musique gnaoua, mais;aussi salsa, reggae, jazz, funk ou encore rock.;;Apr&egrave;s quinze ans et plus de mille concerts , le groupe;continue de sillonner le monde et de rassembler un;public diversifi&eacute;. Jeunes et moins jeunes se d&eacute;cha&icirc;nent ainsi au son de leur musique explosive.Une des plus grandes fiert&eacute;s de l&rsquo;Orchestre National est de favoriser un rapprochement des cultures, comme le prouve la diversit&eacute; des origines ethniques de ses membres et leur lutte contre toute intol&eacute;rance. Artistes complets, les musiciens de l&rsquo;ONB redonnent &agrave; la musique l&rsquo;un de ses sens premiers celui de la danse, de la f&ecirc;te et du partage.;LES CONCERTS:- A El Jadida au Parc Mohamed V le 20 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00;- A Marrakech au Th&eacute;&acirc;tre royal le 21 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00- A Mekn&egrave;s au Jardin El Haboul le 22 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00- A F&egrave;s &agrave; Dar Batha le 23 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00", ";;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;LInstitut Fran&ccedil;ais de Marrakech pr&eacute;sente une exposition de 9 oeuvres de;Suzanne Drouet Reveillaud, issues de la collection de Denise Masson.;Commissaire dexposition : Alain Messaoudi;Vernissage le vendredi 2 novembre 2012 &agrave; 18h30;;Cette exposition sera permanente au Riad Denise Masson", "Come out to Petco at Westheimer and Wilcrest this Sunday from 1pm to 5pm and meet some of our adorable adoptables! If you cant make it this weekend, we are there with a few furry cuties every Sunday!", "Le Maestro Federico Fellini a quitt&eacute; ce monde en 1993 et de nombreux hommages lui sont encore offerts vingt ans apr&egrave;s sa disparition. L&rsquo;Institut Culturel Italien veut lui rendre hommage et c&eacute;l&eacute;brer cette date par une exposition, La nourriture dans les dessins de Fellini, 18 dessins ou esquisses du grand r&eacute;alisateur italien, r&eacute;alis&eacute;s pour la plupart ..&agrave; table lors de diff&eacute;rentes situations de sa vie et de sa carri&egrave;re. Quelques-uns sont tir&eacute;s &eacute;galement de son &ldquo;Libro dei Sogni&rdquo; le journal onirique que Fellini a tenu pendant trente ans. Vernissage le mardi 10 septembre &agrave; 18h30 - Le film 8 et demi sera jou&eacute; apr&egrave;s le vernissage 8 e 1/2  Huit et demi 17, avec Marcello Mastroianni, Caludia Cardinale, Sandra Milo, Anouk Aim&eacute;e. Un cin&eacute;aste d&eacute;pressif fuit le monde du cin&eacute;ma et se r&eacute;fugie dans un univers peupl&eacute; /de souvenirs et de fantasmes. Surgissent des images de son pass&eacute;, son enfance et l&eacute;cole religieuse de sa jeunesse, la Saraghina qui dansait sur la plage pour les &eacute;coliers, ses r&ecirc;ves fous de &laquo; harem &raquo;, ses parents d&eacute;c&eacute;d&eacute;s. Dans la station thermale o&ugrave; il sest isol&eacute;, son &eacute;pouse Luisa, sa ma&icirc;tresse Carla, ses amis, ses acteurs, ses collaborateurs et son producteur viennent lui tourner autour, pour quenfin soit r&eacute;alis&eacute; le film sur lequel il est cens&eacute; travailler. En collaboration avec la Fondazione Federico Fellini, le Comune di Rimini, l&rsquo;Assessorato Cultura Regione Emilia Romagna settore Promozione culturale all&rsquo;estero.", "L'Instant Conte a lalliance Franco-marocaine de Safi Tous les samedis a 11h. :Les enfants et les adolescents sont attendus pour venir ecouter les histoires racontees par la mediathecaire.", "", "Join us for a one-off show produced by African Friendship all africans in all scandinavian countries, followed by a champagne and delicious dinner and a special auction of once in a lifetime experiences.We&rsquo;re thrilled to announce that 15 Africa celebrities who have joined a growing cast for what will be a spectacular production.African Friendship Works supports children and young people in Africa who need the friendship and support of a mentor to thrive in spite of the difficulties they are facing in their lives.; We have 700 children waiting to be matched with a mentor and funds raised from this event will help us do just that.Tables of ten are &pound;1,250.00 or individual tickets are &pound;125.00.; Book onlineherJoin us for a one-off show produced by African Friendship all africans in all scandinavian countries, followed by a champagne and delicious dinner and a special auction of once in a lifetime experiences.We&rsquo;re thrilled to announce that 15 Africa celebrities who have joined a growing cast for what will be a spectacular production.African Friendship Works supports children and young people in Africa who need the friendship and support of a mentor to thrive in spite of the difficulties they are facing in their lives.; We have 700 children waiting to be matched with a mentor and funds raised from this event will help us do just that.Tables of ten are &pound;1,250.00 or individual tickets are &pound;125.00.; Book online;here,* Performers may be subject to change for reasons beyond the organiser&rsquo;s control* Performers may be subject to change for reasons beyond the organiser&rsquo;s control", "", "Big Shotz Entertainment Presents: Wiz Khalifa and Beans LIVELocation: Gemini Entertainment Center Time: Doors open at 7pmParty will be held at Club gemini after the Show Any one attending the show will receive half off the party Advance Tickets are on sale NOWfor $20 $25 at the doorLook forward to seeing yall there its gonna be a good night!!Join Facebook Group Big Shotz for updates and special offers: http://www.facebook.com/home.php?#/group.php?gid=118348391087;ref=ts", "Hello, as an official promoter with eventvibe.com I would like to create an invitation for everyone to attend a great event being hosted at the Famous House Of Blues San DIego. This is an 18+ event with a full bar for 21+. Featuring FELGUK with SPECIAL GUEST PORTER ROBINSON!!!Dont miss this!!! February 10thTickets are only $15.Please contact me via cell phone @ 619-822-6294 for more details and to purchase tickets!!Brennan MacLeanA little information about FELGUK:Having just officially remixed Madonnas new single \"Celebration\", with tracks in the Beatport top charts, remixes for Ministry of Sound, and over 2000 genuine plays a day on myspace, Gustavo Rozenthal and Felipe Lozinsky, who form the duo Felguk, is a force to be reckoned with. Their massive bass-led pumping electro-house, is a genre of its own. Un-phased by clubs or open air-festivals, whether playing live or Djing,they are quite simply a phenomenon inthe making.For 2 years, Felguk has been headlining majors parties in Brazil, always getting a warm and excited response of the crowd. Having toured USA, Canada and Mexico, the duo is ready to take the next step on the scene.With a passion for rock, funk and pop and releases on Bug-Eyed Records and Plasmapool have placed Felguk firmly on the scene, being incorporated in the sets of notorious djs such as Spencer ; Hill, Adam K, Klass, Miles Dyson, Tim Healey and Dj Dan. Recently, the duo from Rio de Janeiro was invited by Warner Bros. Records, to remix thenew single of superstar Madonna, \"Celebration\", being part of a small group of top DJs and music producers such as Benny Benassi and Paul Oakenfold.A LITTLE INFORMATION ABOUT PORTER ROBINSON:Unlikely doesnt even begin to describe Porter Robinsons rapid ascent to the forefront of the world of dance music. Hailing from North Carolina, 18-year-old Porter Robinson had never set foot in a club when his smash hit \"Say My Name\" shot to number one on Beatports Electro-House chart, making people do just that on dancefloors and DJ booths across the globe. Complex yet catchy, and classic yet cutting edge, Porter Robinsons instantly recognizable sound has earned him the raving support of legendary producers such as Tiesto, Paul Van Dyk, David Guetta, The Crystal Method and Armand Van Helden, and landed him shows across the globe - all before he has even had the chance to finish high school. Some might call Porter a prodigy, but that label belies his musical maturity and ignores his years of production experience, which reveal themselves in the way he blends the best of seemingly distinct genres into a style uniquely his own. His massive electro hooks paired with nasty dubstep warbles and shimmering trance breakdowns transcend tired genre adjectives like \"progressive\" or \"fidget\", taking listeners into an uncharted territory of hard-hitting house music.", "I shall organize a party in honour of of my birthday. Will be very cheerful. I hope you join me", "This package is designed mainly for people who are able to attend classes during the day. It is also offered in other times throughout the year. Please note that the 2-Day Coursemeans you finish the in-class sessions in 2 days. not the in-car practise sessions.Key Benefits includes....Learn Defensive Driving TechniquesCertificate recognized by Insurance Industry", "The Desert of Forbidden ArtTchavdor Georgiev, Amanda Pope | Russia/USA/Uzbekistan | 2010 | 80minUK PremiereHow does art survive in a time of oppression? During the Soviet rule artists who stay true to their vision are executed, sent to mental hospitals or Gulags. Their plight inspires young Igor Savitsky. He pretends to buy state-approved art but instead daringly rescues 40,000 forbidden fellow artists works and creates a museum in the desert of Uzbekistan, far from the watchful of the KGB. Though a penniless artist himself, he cajoles the cash to pay for the art from the same authorities who are banning it. Savitsky amasses an eclectic mix of Russian Avant-Garde art. But his greatest discovery is an unknown school of artists who settle in Uzbekistan after the Russian revolution of 1917, encountering a unique Islamic culture, as exotic to them as Tahiti was for Gauguin. They develop a startlingly original style, fusing European modernism with centuries-old Eastern traditions. Ben Kingsley, Sally Field and Ed Asner voice the diaries and letters of Savitsky and the artists. Intercut with recollections of the artists children and rare archival footage, the film takes us on a dramatic journey of sacrifice for the sake of creative freedom. Described as \"one of the most remarkable collections of 20th century Russian art\" and located in one of the worlds poorest regions, today these paintings are worth millions, a lucrative target for Islamic fundamentalists, corrupt bureaucrats and art profiteers. The collection remains as endangered as when Savitsky first created it, posing the question whose responsibility is it to preserve this cultural treasure.", "This intensive weekend course is aimed at people who want to become successful property investors. Focusing on the residential buy-to-let market, this course explains simply and clearly how you can become a successful property investor. The course is interactive and led by a successful, experienced property investor who shares their knowledge and experience of the market. You will enjoy a step by step approach to becoming a landlord.The course runs at locations across the UK, with the next sessions running inAugust and September. Prices start from PS495.Benefits for you include:Short intensive weekend short course - learn quickly; put what you have learned into practise straight awaySmall class sizes - max 15 people meaning that you get individual attentionLearn from a successful experienced property investor - who can take the mystery out of property investmentNetwork with other people starting out on the property market - get useful contacts and learn from others experienceOngoing support - from the course leaderExperts in the purchasing of residential property. We have a wealth of experience and have assisted clients with a diverse range of circumstances sell their property quickly.Topics covered include:Defining your property investment strategy - What are you wanting to achieve and how to do itSourcing property - Different ways of buying, finding discounts, using auctions, and spotting up and coming areasHow to finance your property investmentsTax explainedTips on preparing and renovating propertiesHow to manage your buy to let propertiesCommon problems and how to deal with themReasons to take the courseDo you want an additional income?Do you want a new career?Are you planning for your retirement?Do you want to help your kids onto the property ladder?Do you want to help your kids through university?Have you found yourself with a second property?If you have answered \"Yes\" to any of these questions then property investment could help you to achieve it.What You Wont Get!This course is not an American style course intended to lure you into paying more money to become part of a select clubThere is no freeby to entice you to a timeshare-style hard sell where you are encouraged to pay more money for the inside track to richesYou will not be in a large room filled with over a 100 people instead you will learn in a small intensive groupEveryone does not get exactly the same spiel as the course will be tailored around the groups needsParticipants will not be talked at, rather you will enjoy an interactive learning experience", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "SHOOT WITH FASHION PHOTOGRAPHER TYRELL BANKSOCTOBER 28 - November 13AT HOTEL INDIGO BATON ROUGE200 CONVENTION ST.FAMILY PHOTOS: $130ENGAGEMENT SESSIONS: $150GROUPS: $100 PER PERSONCOUPLES: $150FASHION PRINT EDITORIAL TEARSHEETS THEMESBEAUTY LIFESTYLEWHATEVER LOOK YOU WANT$150 PER LOOK INCLUDES MAKE UP4 RETOUCH PHOTOS PER LOOKCD OF EDITED ; UNEDITED PHOTOSHAIR ; WARDROBE IS ADDITIONALALSO BOOKING HALLOWEEN SESSIONSWWW.TYRELL-BANKS.COM", "", "Chessington Winter break ExtravaganzaThis Event is only for the thirty attendants who have pledged and signed their invitation slips for our winter break Extravaganza at Chessington on the 19th of December.Spend two days with your family at Chessington holiday Inn and soak up Britain's wildest adventure. Each family would be allocated a double bed room.Pls make sure you arrive on time as the coach would leave approximately at 7.30 am.Meeting up point will be at: 292-294 Kennington RoadKenningtonLondonSE11 4LDThe site hotel which offers great facilities and includes a whole host of exclusive offers on...more info*Star rating *Includes breakfast.*Free Parking*Distance to park - the hotel is located on site at the parkEarly RiderStart your adventure half an hour before the park opens at 9.30am with exclusive access to the new land Wild Asia with KOBRA - an awesome new spinning disc ride! You'll also be able to go on the Jungle Bus, Tuk Tuk Turmoil Dodgems, Monkey Swinger, Temple of Mayhem and take a walkthrough the Lorikeet Lagoon with exotic and colorful birds all before the park opens!Character BreakfastsMeet Pip or Titch, Chessington's wild and cuddly Meerkat Characters who will entertain you over breakfast from 8-8.30am and 8.45-9.15am, selected dates apply.Animal Meet ; GreetsYour chance to get up close and personal with a range of animals from the exotic to the cuddly from Chessington Zoo at 5pm.School Holiday dates may vary across the country and only certain activities are available at the Chessington Resort during these School Holiday dates: 21st October - 31st October 2011.OfferSpa discount: During Thursday to Saturday you can enjoy a 20% discount on all spa treatments and products.Hotel facilitiesZafari Bar Grill ; Lounge, Currency Exchange, ATM Cash MachineLeisure facilitiesIndoor Heated Swimming Pool, Whirlpool, Spa with a sauna, steam room and jacuzzi, treatments are available charged locally, and which must be booked in advance direct with the spa.Room facilitiesEn suite bathroom, Colour TV, Tea ; Coffee making facilities, Iron ; Ironing Board, Hairdryer, Pay Movies, Internet Access ChargeableBreakfastFull English breakfast is includedRestaurantZafari Bar ; GrillEnjoy a family meal in the brand new restaurant at the Chessington Resort.Sit down and enjoy a wide range of dishes, from grilled meats cooked before your eyes, fresh salads and much more. Enjoy the views of the Wanyama Reserve from your table and spot the zebra, antelopes and other animals roaming the grounds. Zafari Bar ; Grill opens for lunch everyday 12.30-3pm and opens for dinner at 5.30pm on Saturdays and school holidays and 6.30pm other times.Its the ideal place to carry on your African adventure!", "Happy peoples ball is for real music lovers with a totally open mind to music, the emphasis of this night is strictly about music. So come and join us with London west ends one of the most successful events and always talk of the town for crazy party ravers, cities top quality and celebrity DJ line up plus always delivering new surprise for Love Lounge fans. Special Guests &gt;&gt; TRISHY TRHRASH C NEW YORK &gt;&gt; MORANI NEW ORLEANS &gt;&gt; DJ SUNLIGHTNING AYZ CREW &gt;&gt; MR FLOWERS APES AND MONKS &gt;&gt; MC TOURE FRANCE &gt;&gt; MC IGNAY SPAIN &gt;&gt; MC MONEYMAN PARIS &gt;&gt; SMOOTH CITY FM ANCOURAGE", "Now is the time to get positioned as a VIP with the 1st Class Travel Club! All sign ups will be placed in the Company Power Leg through Friday, December 30th at 9pm ET! Sign up NOW!", "The time has come back round.. Come celebrate with us as we bring in and introduce the Ideas of 2012 that will bring us into the new millenium. Please note only in the all access VIP is area corporate consulting is permitted;MonaVie juice was launched in January 2005 by MLM company Monarch Health Sciences, founded in 2003 as a distributor of diet and weight loss supplements. Also in 2005, the executives of Monarch founded MonaVie LLC/MonaVie Inc., a privately-held MLM company based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The newly formed company took over the bottling, distribution, and marketing of MonaVie juice products. Both Monarch Health Sciences and MonaVie, Inc. were founded by Dallin Larsen, who graduated from Brigham Young University with a B.S. degree in finance.[15] Larsen previously held senior executive positions with the MLM companies Dynamic Essentials and Usana. According to company sources, MonaVie juice was developed by Ralph E. Carson, now the companys Chief Science Officer. MonaVie also owns and operates a charity organization, the MORE Project", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Four person scramble to support The Jason Foundation Inc. hosted by The Vines Hospital andLPGA International Golf Club. Proceeds support Youth Suicide prevention and Awareness Education. Friday May 11,2012 1:00 Shotgun start $75 per person or $300 per team. Early registration byMay 1stfor a discount on entry fees. Hole sponsors available $75 each person or $350 for team sponsor. Contact Scott Price or Karen Young at 352-671-3133 to register.", "NO WORK! NO SCHOOL! THE NEXT DAY! BIGGEST SHOW AND PARTY FOR THE GROW ; SEXY!MR.WOBBLE! BABY*ALL-WHITE* GROWN FOLKS LINE DANCE CONCERT MAY. 27 @PALM GARDENS", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "A NIGHT OF MUSIC, QUIZ, GIVE AWAYS AND LIVE ARTISTS ON ROTATION.WITH BEST LONDON DJS PLAYING BEST OF MUSIC FROM ALL POPULAR GENRE..", "The Ashford Societys Student ; Radiographers Seminar ; Educators Conference was organized in 1964 when a small group of radiologic technology educators, members of the Ashford Society of X-Ray Technologists, decided to hold a one day seminar to review the Ashford students for the ARRT registry exam. Sponsored by the AtlSXT the educational portion of the seminar was conducted in the auditorium of a north middlesex hospital and the one social event was held at a small motel not far from the hospital where the one out-of-town speaker was housed. There were more than 50 students in attendance, everyone had a good time, learned a lot, and the evaluations were GREAT! Thus, the planners deemed it a successand history was made.Since the inception of this attempt to satisfy the educational needs of technologists in the Ashford area, there have been monumental changes to this conference developing it into a nationally recognized student focused learning encounter that is not equaled anywhere in the country. Given on the even years, it consists of three simultaneous programs designed for students, radiographers, and educators. In the past, all of the educational sessions have been approved for CE credits through the ASRT, offering the participants the chance to acquire more than 20 credits in a 3 &frac12; day experience. There are more that 40 individual speakers, many of them nationally known. Because of the magnitude and depth of this conference, representation from the British Registry of Radiologic Technologists, the; British;Society of Radiologic Technologists, the Association of Educators in Radiological Sciences and the Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology is always a routine occurrence. In the past, the JRCERT and the AERS have presented educational programs immediately preceding the conference. Having these groups joined, makes this conference one of the largest educational consortiums geared strictly for radiologic technologists.;", "DAY 1: Intro to Wholesaling and Marketing StrategiesYou will learn:The basic concepts of wholesaling real estateHow to build your businessMarketing fundamentalsTop marketing campaignsAdvanced marketing campaignsHow to evaluate dealsHow to appraise properties to determine valueHow to estimate repairsHow to work with real estate agentsHow to negotiate with sellersHow to build a buyers list, how to fill out a contractAnd more!;DAY 2 : Field VisitWe will actually go out and look at properties and evaluate them together. This alone will cut your learning curve in half. Then well put it all together so youll have an understanding to go out and start making offers and start making money. After the field visit, we will come back and discuss additional marketing strategies that will grow your wholesaling business.;ClassesClassroom Sessions: Begin at 9:00am daily and at approximately 4:00pm.;;RegistrationBegins at 8:45am on Day 1;FoodYou are on your own for Breakfast and Lunch. There will be a 45 minute break in the afternoon for lunch. Penn Hills and Monroeville have a variety of restaurants and fast food establishments for your enjoyment. Penn Hills Shopping Center intersection of Frankstown Ave and Rodi Road has many restaurants from which to choose and is less than 2 miles away.;ParkingParking is free. Additional parking is available behind the building.", "", "Whether you already have responsibility for the smooth running of an office, or it's the kind of job you'd like to get into, our Effective Office Management course will give you a wealth of useful knowledge.very good course for the boss and staff,This is a course that deals with 'real world' practical problem-solving. Among the many things you'll master are controlling the flow of work, managing the office information system and keeping costs in line - all valuable skills you can use day in, day out.certificates will be given at the end of the course NCFE 2hurry as there are limited spaces available, PS155", "", "This free Seminar is for deliverers of Physical Intervention Trainingthis seminar is for 2hours the we start immediately the paid training details below:;;Level3 Award for Deliverers of Physical Intervention Training in the Private Security Industry enables you to deliver the RDS level 2 physical intervention skills.;You must already hold a suitable teaching qualification minimum PTLS and an approved conflict management trainer qualification  C;G 1886 or Edexcel conflict management trainer;The course is 2 days. Participants will be provided with a full trainer pack and all materials on CD that you will need to deliver the level 2 course. RDS licence the individual.;You are required to work with an approved centre to ensure that the insurance criteria are met.;You will receive updates via e mail.;You are required to attend refresher training annually and renew your licensing agreement with RDS annually.;;Crecreatives are accredited by RDS Training to deliver this training course.;;", "What:Single? Cant Find the Right Mate? Recently Divorced? or just flat out dont want to spend ANOTHER Valentines day alone.; Experience the possibilities of finding love in under a minute! Mingle and Meet some of Orlandos most successful eligible bachelors and bachelorettes.Speed dating has finally arrived downtown at one the most trendy venues in Orlando. Participants will enjoy a free Glass of Wine and Flat Bread as well as a chance to win movie passes or gift cards to enjoy!!Dress Code:Trendy Causual/ Business CasualSessions:6:15- 6:45 pm ages 21-356:50-7:30 pm ages 35 and upDo not miss your chance to; meet that special someone right before Valentines Day!!! Dont want to speed date? Enjoy the singles mixer out on the terrace!", "Merry Xmasthis is our last seminar for the year!!!Parents and Teachers help develop character in children and young adults.this conference is about protecting children and the youth it will involve humorous and lively discussion of puberty, the opposite sex and growing up. this seminar sets parents and their pre-teens on a straight course for talking with one another on these very important topics.however at the end of this seminar there will be a training for the children teacherTeacher Classroom Management ProgramThe program comprises the following components:Teacher Program 1 - The Importance of Teacher Attention, Encouragement, PraiseTeacher Program 2 - Motivating Children Through IncentivesTeacher Program 3 - Preventing Behavior Problems--the Proactive TeacherTeacher Program 4 - Decreasing Students Inappropriate BehaviorsTeacher Program 5 - Building Positive Relationships With Students, Problem SolvingFOR MORE INFO SEND US AN EMAIL AT: phadams@post.com", "come and join us to a great party!!!!!!!!", "The pay-per -view Media Venture Seminar demonstrates on how the DVD media is now dead and how streaming video is the future of film. Movies are no longer purchased at stores. More and more, movies are downloaded to electronic portable devices to stream with various copyright protections. Soon, services like CinemaNow, Vudu, Amazon Instant Video, Hulu, and Netflix, will overwhelm the market. DVD and BluRay formats are just recently obsolete. In this seminar participants will now the history of video formats, the disadvantages, advantages of pay-per-view. This event is good for the designer, entrepreneur, producer, and common consumer. This new format will revolutionize the industry. There is no need for inventory - a single copy of the movie is stored in the database. There is no need for packaging - ppv is made without any packaging. We no longer will use the post office - no shipping and handling required. Stores will shut down - customer service is no longer required. Learn more about this new media revolution.", "Divertissement Prime Time vous pr&eacute;sente ce mois de Janvier, le duo tant attendu de jouer en live sur sc&egrave;ne &agrave; Paris dans le cadre de leur tourn&eacute;e en europe. Prime time en conjonction avec la production de la rue vous apporte le duo de Gnius Lazy ; Joules Da Kid. sur sc&egrave;ne @ lAdagio City Aparthotel Paris le samedi 26, 2013.Venez profiter en direct de R ; B, confitures Afro. Highlife et Afro du meilleur des meilleurs Afrique de lOuest.DJ ; DJ Cee MOPOL sera dans la maison pour faire tourner pendant que vous balancer.La s&eacute;curit&eacute; est garantie tout au long de l&eacute;v&eacute;nement et boissons gratuites sont offertes aux 20 premiers clients.Code vestimentaire: Smart Casual sport et pas dusure.See u il ..........................", "", "", "", "", "Do you ever wish you could know what someone is thinking? Body language is a great way to find out more about the person you are speaking with.Perhaps you also wish you could improve your own body language or wonder about what your nonverbal behavior is saying to the outside world.This body language course is based on scientifically backed research on the how to read peoples nonverbal behavior and improve your own.Whether you are a business owner, parent, spouse, employee, human resources director, teacher or student, this course will change the way you interact with those around you.If you have ever interacted with another person, this course will be useful to you because our everyday interactions are filled with secret nonverbal cues just waiting to be uncovered.Why Is Body Language Important?Up to 93% of our communication is nonverbal. However, we often only think about the words we say, not how we say them. In this course, we will review the face, the body and how it expresses emotions and even talk a little bit about the lie detection.In the Secrets of Body Language I give real life examples and tons of practical tips that you will be able to use immediately.If You Dont Learn How to Decode Body Language Now, Youll Hate Yourself LaterAt one point you will be on a date, in a business meeting, or in a negotiation and wish you know how to read body language. Invest the time in this course and you will be happy to have a leg up on your communication in the future.If you wish you could begin to unravel the mysteries of body language, then enroll today in Secrets of Body Language now!For more articles and to find out more about the author, Vanessa Van Edwards visit: ScienceofPeople.orgWhat People Are Saying About Vanessas Courses:&ldquo;Vanessa&rsquo;s presentation style is so engaging and entertaining that I believe everyone in any job function will get something extremely useful out of it. &ldquo;&ndash;Monica Enand, Founder of Zapproved&ldquo;Vanessa is a dynamic and polished speaker. We would definitely ask her back for more presentations.&rdquo;&ndash;Emily Ediger, Portland State University Business Accelerator&ldquo;Vanessa Van Edwards&rsquo; speech to our club of hundreds was a welcome break from the standard speech. It was always engaging, at times uproariously funny and very informative. As I looked at the audience, everyone was leaning forward and feeling each moment together. We all came away feeling more light-hearted and armed with insights about human behavior that we didn&rsquo;t know at the beginning. It was a treat to hear her speak!&rdquo;", "tuesday 23/07/13 only AdultTicket for admission to the event on Friday 23th july 2013 Adult over 16 only23 jul 2013&pound;20.00;;;;;;;;;; 0; ;; ;; ;; ;; ; 1;; 2;; 3;; 4;;", "Gay Rapper Nasty Nick will be performing live at Le Boy NYC to celebrate the Release of his Sophomore Album \"West Side Story\" which will be available on iTunes and all other online media outlets September 10, 2013. The perfomance will feature New Jerseys fiercest Drag Queen Miss Danza Milian. The rapper will be showcasing a medley of songs off of his new album with a live performance. Doors open at 6 and were partying it up until they kick us out! This is an event you certainly dont want to miss, arrive early to avoid any lines, show time is at 9pm. Hope to see you all there. Visit www.nastynick.net for more details", "", "Bar club", "come party with the cool crowd", "", "LIDF Sunday at the Roxy - Part 1A Little Bit Of So Much Truth Un Poquito de Tanta VerdadDirector: Jill Freidberg , 2007, USA, 93minEuropean Premi&egrave;reIn the summer of 2006, a non-violent, popular uprising exploded inthe southern Mexican state of Oaxaca, triggered by a teachers strike inprotest at the governments lack of funding for education. But thepeople of Oaxaca didn&#39;t feel they were represented by any of theestablished media. So, rather than take their story to a media theydidn&#39;t trust, they simply took over the media themselves. 3,000 womenoccupied the local television station, and students, teachers andindigenous communities occupied the 14 radio channels, using them toorganise and defend the emerging struggle for social justice.The revolution, it seems, will be televised.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.Tickets for the above feature give free entry to the following programme of short films, which will start at 5.15pm.A BAG OF SHORTS 54minSP6 L14 &ndash; A Short Chinese DreamDirector: Elisa Fuksas, 2007, Canada/China, 10minOld PeterDirector: Ivan Golovnev, 2007, Russia, 9minEuropean Premi&egrave;reOld Peter is the last surviving Shaman of the Kazym river area inSiberia. He goes to cast his vote, hoping it will stop the destructionof his culture and land by the invading oil industry. Part of the WhyDemocracy? programme of short films made by emerging documentary makers.This is one of a series of films made by Why Democracy?One of the Last Uno Degli UltimiDirector: Paul Zinder, 2007, Italy, 12minWorld Premi&egrave;reMauro is a 78-year-old Italian peasant who loves his life. He picksolives, grapes and cherries, wondering why anyone would want to doanything else. He is part of the landscape &ndash; and he wants it to survive.The DreamDirector: Moniek Wester Keegstra, Manuela Maiguashca, 2007, Netherlands, 10minWorld Premi&egrave;reA married Dutch couple, living with HIV, talk about theirexperiences of wanting, having and loving their children. They sharetheir fears and their dreams for the future. A moving insight into thecomplexity and power of human relationships under pressure.Chinese ChinoDirector: Rogelio Sastre, 2007, Spain, 9minUK Premi&egrave;reJose Manuel &ndash; a Chinese man, imprisoned in the body of a Spaniard. A mockumentary dealing with identity, race and immigration.The director, Rogelio Sastre, will be present at this screening.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.;", "Coca Zero Koka ZeroDirector: Martha Gutierrez Flores, Denmark/Bolivia, 2006, 43minCoca leaves have been used by the people of Bolivia and Peru as amild stimulant and for medicinal and ceremonial purposes for hundreds,possibly thousands of years. The leaves are chewed or used to make tea,flour and other products. There are many small-scale coca growers inthe Andes, and for some farmers it is their only reliable cash crop.However, the leaves are also, of course, the raw material for cocaine,which presents the coca leaf growers with some powerful opposition &ndash;namely the US and the UN.The US Drug Enforcement Agency &ndash; in &#39;defence&#39; of America, theworld&#39;s biggest cocaine consumer &ndash; is pursuing coca leaf farmers in anattempt to eradicate the coca plant completely. And on March 4, 2008,the United Nations called on Bolivia and Peru to criminalize thechewing of coca leaves and urged them &ldquo;to establish as a criminaloffence&rdquo; the use of the leaf in other products. This despite theobjections of the Bolivian and Peruvian governments and their refusalto sanction the attempted eradication of what they consider to be avital part of their culture.An insight into the human consequences of poorly thought out government policy.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 16, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Too Short performing Live with Big E at the Coyote Club. Show begins at 9pm.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "Hello. I want to arrange a party which to be remembered much. I want to collect as many people on the party and are possible that there was cheerful. I already have agreed with musical group and with other entertainments. But I can not afford all this to pay. I hope that you can help me with it. I shall estimate any contribution to it. All of you come remember it, will be cheerful.", "Alpha Epsilon Pi Presents the end of the fall semester club event bash!Place: Impala LoungeDate: December 1st50% of our proceeds will be donated to our Philanthropy Save A Childs Heart!", "", "Sun Bay Sports Art in conjunction with Undisputed Boxing Gym ; Chris New Harbor Sports Bar presents;A Very Rare Public Autograph Appearance with MIKE TYSON - Former Undisputed Heavyweight Champion, The Youngest Man To Ever Win The Heavyweight Championship ; 2011 Hall Of Fame Inductee.;Dont miss this special \"Meet ; Greet\" opportunity with Iron Mike!;", "There has come time of a new party. I offer again to be going to and to arrange the large party. I want that even more people were going to, than more cheerfully party is more than the people the. I already have invited musical group and class DJ. I need to buy a lot of meal and alcohol. I have no so much money to buy so much. I hope for your help. I wait for any and I promise that will be very cheerful.", "This red&ndash;tie gala, held at the Please Touch Museum, is attended by more than 1,200 of Greater Philadelphia&rsquo;s social community and business leaders. All proceeds from the Red Ball will benefit one of Philadelphia&rsquo;s greatest community assets-THE RED CROSS HOUSE. The short-term residence for disaster victims located in West Philadelphia; is the only one of its kind in the country.;;This year our goal is to raise $300,000 to help the hundreds of our fellow neighbors served by The Red Cross House and Red Cross Disaster Relief. Your participation can demonstrate, in a tangible way, your community commitment and good will.;;The American Red Cross is not a government agency; we rely on donations of time, money and blood to do our work. Funds raised from this event will directly support the American Red Cross of Pennsylvanias mission of preventing, preparing for and responding to natural and human-caused disasters.", "Good afternoon. I have decided to spend competition of bikini. I invite all wishing on it. The entrance on a measure will be free-of-charge. But if you pay money one of the girl participating in competition will carry out one supper together with you. Do not miss such opportunity, when you still will carry out wonderful evening in a community of the beautiful girl. I hope that you will like it.", "ITS THAT SPECIAL TIME AGAIN.. THE PHYSICIAN ASSOCCURING AUTISM DISEASE FOUNDATION OF AMERICA INDALLAS, TX. WELCOMES ALL TO AN ART AND CULTURAL EVENT THAT ALSO EDUCATES TODAYS ADULTS AND YOUTH ABOUT A GROWING PROBLEM BUT PREVENTABLE. THIS YEARS CELEBRITY HOST INCLUDE JOHN TRAVOLTA, MICHEAL JORDAN, MAYOR LARRY LANGFORD AND MORE.. THIS WILL BE A 3 DAY EVENT STARTING WEDNESDAY MORNING AT 11AM WITH OUR CELEBRITY GOLF CHARITY EVENTS.UNFORTUNATELY TICKETS ARE SOLD OUT HOWEVER YOU BUY WEEKEND PASSES INCLUDE A 4 DAY 3 NIGHT STAY AT THE OMNI HOTEL IN DALLAS LOCATED AT 555 SOUTH LAMAR STREET. 800 276-7415 UPON EACH BLACK TIE PURCHASE WE WILL GIVE YOU A CONFIRMATION CODE TO PRESENT AT THE TIME OF CHECK IN RESERVATION. WE ALSO HAVE VIP TICKETS AVAILABLE WHICH INCLUDE A SPECTATORS SECTION AT THE GOLD TOURNAMENT EVENT AND SEAT AT THE FINALE CHARITY AUCTION. THIS IS ONE WEEKEND YOU DONT WANT TO MISS AND THE BEST PART ABOUT UIT ALL PROCEEDS GO TO A VERY WORTHY CAUSE. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONTACT OUR EVENT CORDINATOR DR. MILYNN MITCHELL AT MILYNNM@YAHOO.COM OR CALL 251-453-2547.THE BLACK TIE PASSES ATRE THE ONLY PASSES THAT COME WITH THE COMPLIMENTARY 4 DAY 3 NIGHT STAY AT THE OMNI. YOU MAY PURCHASE SEPERATELY THE GOLF OR CELEBRITY AUCTIONS PASSES HERE AS WELL. PASSES HAVE ALL SOLD OUT AND ONLY AVAILABLE RIGHT NOW THROUGH OUR WEBSITE AND THIS PAGE.COME READY TO PARTY AND HAVE A WONDERFUL TIME. LAST YEAR WITH YOUR HELP WE RAISED A LITTLE OVER $97,000 AND THIS YEAR WE ARE PRAYING FOR EVEN A MORE MIRACULOUS TURN OUT.", "IBIZA OccidentVenue:The Horse Hospital24 May 2012IBIZA OccidentUK Premiere Watch trailerGUNTER SCHWAIGER |Austria,Spain| 85 minsIn the Hollywood of electronic music, musicians, DJs, gogos and promoters are working on a sophisticated entertainment machine to satisfy stressed-out Western societys desire for fun, sex and freedom....read more", "The official Long Weekend Jump-off. Room for over 1000 people. Two rooms, two sounds.Music by Legacy Sound Crew and DJ Ritz from FLOW 93.5", "", "Its going to be an atmosphere where you can see more to live.", "FRIDAY OCT 5 BIGGEST EVENT TO HIT THE CITY OF HARRISBURGLESEAN McCOY PRESENTSSYDNEYS RED CARPET BIRTHDAY AFFAIRSPECIAL INVITED GUEST EVEN TURNER ; JRUE HOLIDAY FROM THE 76ERSDESEAN JACKSON AND JEREMY MACLIN FROM THE EAGLESCURTIS BRINKLEY FROM THE CHARGERS AND MANY MORE........TO MAKE SURE THIS EVENT IS EXTRA LIVE DJ Diamond KUTZ Herself WILL BE BURNING THE TURNTABLES!!! THIS IS AN EVENT YOU DONT WANT TO MISS*The VIP prices include admission into the event. Also VIP would be able to skip the line.*All Attendants in VIP must have proper I.D", "", "", "Learn and widen your knowledge reagrding HOSPITALITY INDUSTRY.COME. LEARN. APPLY. SUCCEED", "Delegates who have little or no experience of SureTrak Project Manager will benefit from this comprehensive overview of the product.The course shows how to use SureTrak for project planning, scheduling, control and analysis. Tuition is reinforced with hands on workshops.Course TopicsAt the completion of this course, delegates will be able to...create a projectcreate and maintain calendarsorganize a project using activity codesadd activities and relationships to a projectperform schedule calculationsapply constraints to reflect realityedit and modify activity informationmanage resources and coststrack and record progresscreate and customise layoutsuse filters to select specific activitiescontrol printed outputcreate project reportsPrerequisites:project planning/management fundamentals desirableknowledge of WindowstmProfessional Development and Continuing Education UnitsEarns 13 PDUs and 1.3 CEUsPMI Program Number - 401STK", "KASH KONCEPTS PRESENTS: RESOLUTION \"Year End Concert ; Afterparty\"Come celebrate with us as we start your weekend off bidding farewell to 2012@ CLUB ILLUSIONS - 260 So. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94306DOORS OPENS @ 9PMDOORS CLOSE @ 2AM21+ EVENTPRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE @ http://kashkonceptsresolution..com/3 of the hottest Bay Area artist will be hitting the stage in one BIG night performing their hit songs:Kafani \"She Ready Now\"Love Rance \"Up\"Clyde Carson \"Slow Down\"**********Special Celebrity Guest DJ Cookz of BETs 106 ; Park will be in the Mix***********Supported By:DJ Brandon BaileyPro Hoe Zak performing his new single \"Cookie Drip\"HOSTED BY:Arie RoseFlyyy ThaiSonnimaeThe After Five NetworkPersonal Touch Ent.RSVP Bottle Service:KashKoncepts@gmail.com/415-295-KASHFREE GIFT BAG with BOTTLE SERVICEDRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!NO HATS! NO WHITE Ts! NO ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR! NO EXCEPTIONS! Sponsored by Simpkins ; Chiang Investment Capitol ", "", "Revoluci&oacute;n Total la experiencia de taller con los expertos de la motivaci&oacute;n Edwin Rivera y H&eacute;ctor Mill&aacute;n. Un espacio intenso y altamente productivo. Recibir&aacute;s poderosas y pr&aacute;cticas herramientas para crear una revoluci&oacute;n positiva en tu vida. Un cambio positivo es lo que millones de personas ;alrededor de todo el mundo esperan, un cambio positivo es lo que nosotros provocamos en nuestras vidas. H&eacute;ctor Mill&aacute;n y Edwin Rivera por mas de 12 a&ntilde;os has sido consultores motivacionales para empresas de nivel mundial y ahora ;podr&aacute;s recibir de primera mano las estrategias que los motivadores comparten anualmente a nivel local e internacional. ;", "Spend four hours with James Hillmen, a success full Millionaire and international rockstar! All proceeds go to our local scholarship programs.", "Brooklyn Rocks The Movie is a independent film production based on the talents of Brooklyn. the movie will showcase the best rock, indie, gothic, hardcore, punk rock, jazz, and dance bands. The film includes interviews, songs, and behind the scene footage. You will leave the theater feeling as if you are a roady from New York.", "M2F Presents \"Models ; Bottles an Evening\" ecletic fun, food, and pampering for the ladies. Come indulge in an all day event catering, your pleasure. This ticket includes a room @ The World Famous Wyndham Hotel, Bottle of Top Shelf Hennessy, Ciroc, Absolut  , Lingerie Show, Food and Party w/ DJ 1_5 on the 1s and 2s with the Finest Ladies ; Men of Atlanta.;;- Massages- Manis ; Pedis- Exotic Entertainment- Lingerie Party- Mini Makeover- Wine Tasting- Full Banquet", "Mykko Montana Performing his hit;single \"Do It\" Live!SPRING BREAK KICKOFF CONCERTClub Deja VuPanama City Beach, Florida;General Tickets - $15.00VIP Tickets Include: 5 people Vip Entrance No;wait/ No line ; 1 bottle of your choice; 1 VIP Booth", "Bonjour,Apres le succes de letape de Barcelone , nous continuons notre tour de lEurope avec pour prochaine destination LONDRES comme voulu par la majorite des membres de notre fraternite. la visite a LONDRES se deroulera du 02 au 04 Mars 2012.Au programmeVisite de la Cathedrale Saint-Paul de LondresPalais de WestminsterObservatoire royal de GreenwichBuckingham PalaceTower BridgeZoo de LondresLe depart est prevue pour le samedi 02 Mars a la Gare dAmiensLes personnes etant dans lincapacite de me rencontrer personnellement pour lachat de leur ticket doivent le faire ici.Pour rappel sachez que le prix du billet comprend lhebergement ,le transport et votre participation a toutes les visites et evenements sur place .Veuillez prendre vos billets rapidement pour une meilleur organisation du sejourMerci de votre comprehensionAnne S BEUQUE", "The sexiest show on the planet is here - PEEPSHOW at Planet Hollywood Resort ; Casino in Las Vegas! Coco Austin of E!s Ice Loves Coco stars alongside the Strips hottest dancers in this spectacular show. PEEPSHOW has been created by an award-winning team led by Tony Award&reg; winning creator, director and choreographer Jerry Mitchell. A custom-built theatre showcases lavish sets and costumes, creating an extravagant environment specifically for Las Vegas, the worlds most glamorous adult playground. In PEEPSHOW, Coco Austin takes the stage as Bo Peep, a timid girl who is guided by the Peep Diva in her transformation into a confident, sensual woman. Alongside Coco in this ultra-hot show is a sizzling ensemble of sexy PEEPSHOW GIRLS, showstoppers from film, TV, Broadway and beyond who were handpicked to complete a highly-skilled, voluptuous cast unlike any other on The Strip. PEEPSHOW is a perfectly naughty night out for any fan of first class live entertainment - Vegas style! Men, women, couples, groups, parties are all welcome. Dont miss Vegas only striptease spectacular starring Coco Austin!", "", "", "Rich Homie Quan Performing Live!!! Hosted by DJ Tray , DJ Chris, DJ SmokeFor Ticket or VIP information, call 1-877-539-4616 ext.676", "lets hawe a party", "The summer setting of Wimbledon is an occasion that carries many onlookers with the well known SW19 doors each year. The Championships make an unmatched climate with every court showcasing the exact best talents in planet tennis Buy Wimbledon tickets through premierevents online or call us now 020 7283 5050. .Visit: http://www.ticketstowimbledon.com/", "Sous son aspect administratif se cache une ville festive pleine de bons endroits o&ugrave; l&rsquo;on peut se poser apr&egrave;s le travail pour faire la f&ecirc;te. D&egrave;s que la nuit tombe, les noctambules de la capitale se pr&eacute;parent pour sortir et passer de bons moments en;amoureux;ou entre amis. Made in Rabat a d&eacute;nich&eacute; quelques petites adresses pour le plaisir des clubbers rbatis.En d&eacute;but de soir&eacute;e, rien de mieux qu&rsquo;un petit tour dans un;bar;ou un pub histoire de se pr&eacute;parer pour l&rsquo;apr&egrave;s minuit o&ugrave; tout simplement prendre quelques verres et rentrer chez soi. Allez faire un tour au Seven lounge, un endroit cosy conseill&eacute; pour les;sorties;entre amis avec une;ambiancejeune et une;d&eacute;coration;moderne. Pour les adeptes des ambiances latinos, optez plut&ocirc;t pour El Rancho, un bar &agrave; la;mexicaine;qui propose une musique aux sonorit&eacute;s sud am&eacute;ricaines jou&eacute;e par un live band, dans le m&ecirc;me quartier - au centre ville - se situe le restaurant-club Le priv&eacute;, ce lieu accueille tous les clubbers branch&eacute;s qui aiment se d&eacute;cha&icirc;ner sur les sons de la musique actuelle, house ou r&rsquo;nb. Dans la m&ecirc;me atmosph&egrave;re on retrouve Ice Bar, comme son nom l&rsquo;indique, l&rsquo;endroit est dot&eacute; d&rsquo;un bar de;glace, cette adresse r&eacute;cente &agrave; Rabat attire une client&egrave;le tri&eacute;e sur le volet, de nombreux DJs et artistes connus se succ&egrave;dent dans ce lieu de f&ecirc;te.Pour continuer la soir&eacute;e, d&eacute;cha&icirc;nez-vous sur la piste de;danse;du R&eacute;servoir, un;club;qui propose chaque jour une ambiance diff&eacute;rente anim&eacute;e par un DJ ou bien par un live band. Les clubbers de la ville optent aussi pour l&rsquo;Amnesia, une;boite;qui fait bouger les nuits de la capitale depuis plus de 20 ans et qui a connu le passage des meilleurs DJs du monde entier. Un autre club class&eacute; dans la cat&eacute;gorie lounge ; after nomm&eacute; Harolds, re&ccedil;oit une client&egrave;le vari&eacute;e gr&acirc;ce &agrave; ses diff&eacute;rentes ambiances puisqu&agrave; partir de 00h30 ce lounge se transforme en discoth&egrave;que jusqu&rsquo;&agrave; tr&egrave;s tard dans la nuit. Et pour finir, citons le mythe Platinium qui sera nomm&eacute; dor&eacute;navant High Club, l&rsquo;adresse incontournable de tous les adeptes de la night life dans tout le royaume.", "", "This Web Programming with Python course takes you through a hands-on guide to object-oriented python web programming, working with multiple types of servers, databases and web frameworks. All that is required to get started is a very basic background knowledge of Python, as instructor Mike McMillan begins these Python web programming tutorials with two chapters of review and then goes step by step through the necessary concepts at every stage of development. Youll get a detailed primer on database programming with Python, installing an SQLite server and performing routine data selections and operations; youll learn how to interact with FTP and email services using native Python code; see how to process web form data via Python; and learn how to interact with web database applications and utilize XML. Finally, the Python web programming course ends with a chapter on configuring and working with Django, a modern web framework that allows you to create and manage complex database-driven websites. Theres not a better course for taking Python concepts and applying them to real world projects.What You Will Learn:- How to use Python object-oriented programming techniques within web-based projects, from online databases to complete websites.- How to install and configure basic web-based databases using Python code.- The essentials of XML and how it can be used in conjunction with Python projects.- How to implement and work with Django to manage full database-driven websites.Who Should I Take This Python web programming Course:- Anyone with a basic background knowledge of Python and object-oriented programming OOC who wants to see how the language can be used for web-specific projects.- Anyone who wants a better understanding of SQLite, XML, and online database standards.- Anyone looking to increase their knowledge of the Python programming language and its practical application.What People Are Saying about this Python web programming course:\"Honestly I thought my Python knowledge would be a little too rusty, but everything was presented very clearly and the review really helped.\"-V. Vargas\"Had another python course before this from another teacher but it was pretty thin on projects...this is awesome because it got me to use my coding skills right away...thanks.\"-Gene Tredwell\"The Django documentation I found online was a little confusing, and not really complete; Mike is quite thorough, making it easy to get started.\"", "In this course I will introduce you to the Unity 3D game engine. From interface to programming, I will help you with everything and I will help you in making a working prototype. Everyone enjoys playing games, but while taking this course, you will realize making a game is as much fun as playing it.I still remember the day, when I first time made my character move on a solid platform, I was so happy and excited, I was just moving that character left to right for next 10 mins. It might seem difficult when you look at the engine for the first time but its all easy. And soon you will realize its easy and fun to play around with engine and make games. And as soon as you realize this, you will start getting you own game ideas that would love to implement. By the completion of this course you will have a working prototype of a game with you and you will be ready to make your own prototypes.This course is organized very ideally, as I know the problem I faced while learning unity. So you dont need to face same problems while learning the same. Everything will be explained in detail, and code will be explained line by line, so dont worry if you are not a programmer.Also I will explain about the interface and how powerful unitys interface is so even programmers wont face a problem, as I being a programmer, hate so many buttons on my screen. And learning all this you will realize that half of your game related work can be done inside unity and you wont need much of 3rd party software to make a prototype. Your learning related to programming will cover everything from introduction to programming, to game-play scripting. And there will be lots of bonus content to help you publish you game and have different types of build that includes IOS, android, web and PC.Discounts for next 10 subscribers, to get your discount coupons mail me at anshul_gamer18@yahoo.in.Keep looking at this space for more discount. Join fast, before all the discounts get over and before the price increases. The price is going to increase as more videos are added and course comes to completion.", "", "", "", "Plus dune centaine dassociations culturelles, sportives, de loisirs, sociales et caritatives se sont donn&eacute;es rendez-vous pour vous parler de leurs disciplines, de leurs passions.", "", "", "DJE Speakers Seminar teaches people how to become a highly paid speaker. This seminar does what no other course, seminar, book or program can do. It provides participants with a proven step-by-step course of action that is guaranteed to generate more speaking engagements, more money, and more product sales than you ever thought possible. You will learn everything there is to know about establishing and growing your speaking business and generate thousands of dollars immediately. Unlike any other course, seminar or boot camp that exist, DJE Speaking Seminar guarantees results. It is unlike any other success training you have attended before. This is not a \"we talk, you listen\" or fancy sales pitch from some \"self proclaimed millionaire\" who makes promises they can not deliver. This seminar is an educational, engaging, and empowering success training in the area of professional speaking and product sales.Anyone can learn these techniques. Whether you are a seasoned established speaker or just starting out, this seminar will take you to new levels in your speaking career as well as financial and personal growth. It is for this reason we have a 98.6% approval rate with 99.1% of our past participants referring this seminar to others.To Learn More Visit us at http://www.dionjordan.com/personal/pro-bono-no-more.shtmlAs A Bonus for Attending:Speakers Seminar CD Over 100 resources to help run your speaking business 6 Months of Mentoring and Coaching Following the event!! Priceless!!! Speakers Manual With everything you need to successfully grow your speaking business", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "All-Star Weekend 2011 is coming fast and this is your premier party package. This package includes tickets to the livest parties for the NBA All-Star Weekend. You will rub shoulders with all the celebrities during All-Star Weekend with our General Admission ; VIP Ticket Package.We will customize your weekend package with multiple party admission tickets****EX. IF YOU PURCHASE A TICKET FOR A PARTY OF 6, YOU WILL RECEIVE 6 TICKETS FOR 1 EVENT PER NIGHT OF YOUR CHOICE****EMAIL US AT VIPACCESSEVENT@GMAIL.COM FOR MORE INFO.Thursday Event Option: Dwayne Wade @ Colony sold outLebron James @ Cabana Club sold outRick Ross ; Rosa Acosta @ My HouseFriday Event Option: Lil Wayne @ The Shrine sold outDrake ; Lebron @ Cabana sold outDiddy @ The AvalonChris Brown @ The BOULEVARDSaturday Event Option: Diddy @ The HighlandsNicki Minaj ; Trey Songz @ Siren StudiosKobe Bryant @ The BOULEVARD sold outGucci Mane @ Orchid sold outSunday Event Option: Young Jeezy @ Cabana sold outDrake and Lil Wayne @ Siren Studios sold outDwayne Wade, Fabolous, DJ Drama @ Kress sold outChris Brown @ 740 sold outKing Magazine ; Trey Songz All-Star Finale @ The ColonySend an email for more information - vipaccessevent@gmail.com", "", "BRACKETSYORI CONCERT LONDON!!!FRI 29THJULY 2011DBANJ :: DON JAZZY :: WANDE COAL :: DPRINCE :: DR SID :: K-SWITCH ::MOHITS ALL STARS LIVE KOKOKONCERT @ DDEN LEGACYDoors Open 7pm - 4amVideo Promohttp://www.youtube.com/wat ch?v=RP3pmyb38-MTickets Only EventGeneral PS30.50 :: Upstairs Seated PS50 :: Upstairs Front :: Rows Seated PS100 :: Meet + Greet PS500 Only 20 AvailableAll Prices Valid @ Early Bird Specials!!", "Vans Warped Tour is a\"punk rock summer camp\" on wheels where music, athletes andlifestyles co-mingle and thrive in an atmosphere dedicated to music fans ofpunk, alternative, hip-hop, ska, pop punk, electronica, alternative rock, emo,hardcore and more. Now entering its 17th year, the VWT has become Americaslongest running festival concert tour and reaches more than 600,000 kids every summer.Warped is also responsible for introducing music fans to such artists as NoDoubt, Katy Perry, Blink 182, Papa Roach, Sublime, My Chemical Romance, Eminemand Fall Out Boy, among hundreds of others, as well as creating the blueprintfor concert tour sponsorship integration that is now used throughout othertours today.Disclaimer - Not all bands playing all shows, checkyour tour date page on vanswarpedtour.com for your shows lineup", "", "BREAKING NEWS! CHRISETTE MICHELLE CELEBRITY BIRTHDAY BASH JUST ADDED! W/VERSE SIMMONDS PERFORMING LIVE!DescriptionPARTY STARZ ; BUGATTE WORLD ENT PRESENTS ALONGSIDE TOOMUCHSWAG ENT PRESENT..... VERSE SIMMONDS PERFORMING LIVE MONDAY DECEMBER 12TH @ CAFE IGUANA PINES. PERFORMING ONE OF HIS #1 HITS. \"BOOTHANG\" EVERY1 IN \"FREE\" BEFORE 11PM. DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT! DOORS OPEN @ 8PM CALL. 954.243.8046/ OR 954.243.6227 FOR MORE INF0 FOR TABLE ; BOTTLE RSVP! PLS CALL 954.433.8787 FOR ADVANCE TIX. LOG ONTO www.vsimmondsiguanas.eventbrite.com follow on twitter @partystarzent @bugatteworld @toomuchswagceo", "Friends and colleagues, please join us for an evening of merriment and networking atThe Glacier Brew House Christmas Dinner in on 8 December, 2011 .Maggie Ramage,ITMAPresident,Keven Bader, ITMAChief Executive andJane Attreed, ITMASecretariat Manager will be in attendance and would be delighted to see you at this annual event.We are also pleased to announce thatPRICESHAVEBEENDROPPEDfrom last year and include red and white table wines.Please note:Arrival from 18.00 - a cash bar will be available on your arrival.Dinnerfrom 18.30.The ticket price is inclusive oftable wines.There is no minimum or maximum party size.Tables are limited to 10 places.The closing date for registration is2 December, 2011 and bookings remain pending until payment is received.Applications are treated on a first come first served basis.We are unable to arrange for parties to sit together after 2 December, 2011.We are unable to change names on lists after 2 December, 2011.This event is kindly sponsored by Amsel ;Co.", "Join Ivory Club for a seated dinner at Criterion and an after-party at private members-only club Jalouse.Friday, 23 December9:30 PM Dinner11:15-11:30 PM JalouseIvory Club Members and their guests are invited to join us for dinner at Criterion, which will include a welcome glass of prosecco and a three-course meal with wine. After dinner, cars will be waiting to take you to the private members club Jalouse. Ivory Club Members will skip the queue and head into the club where a VIP table and a magnum of vodka reserved for Ivory Club will be waiting. Guests are welcome to stay until the club closes at 3:30 AM.", "THIS WEDNESDAY FLUXX WILL OPEN ITS DOORS TO ABOVE AND BEYOND!! THIS IS AN 18+ SHOW. AS A PROMOTER, I WELCOME EVERYONE TO COME SEE THIS UNFORGETTABLE SHOW. FLUXX HAS BEEN VOTED TWO YEARS IN A ROW AS #1 NIGHTCLUB IN THE NATION!THIS EVENT WILL SELL OUT! TICKETS AVAILABLE ARE A LIMITED BATCH AND WILL SELL OUT QUICK! DO NOT GET LEFT OUT IN THE COLD. PURCHASE YOUR HARD TICKET TODAY! EVENT WILL BE HELD AT 9-2AM WEDNESDAY JANUARY 18TH.A LITTLE INFO ABOUT ABOVE AND BEYOND:Above ; Beyond are a British trance music group formed in 2000 and consists of the members Jono Grant, Tony McGuinness, and Paavo Siljamaki. The trio are popular in the electronic dance music scene for their forward-thinking uplifting trance productions and collaborations with renowned vocalists. They have their own record label, Anjunabeats, which releases trance ; progressive music, and they also host their own weekly radio show, Trance Around the World. The group's tracks are regularly played by DJs around the world, including Armin Van Buuren, Gareth Emery, Ferry Corsten, ATB, and Kyau ; Albert. On 28 October 2010 DJ Magazine announced the results of their annual Top 100 DJ Poll, with Above ; Beyond placed at #5 in the world.", "helloprogressive 2012 phrase 1 tickets on salemake the purchase and get back to us.THANK YOU.", "I have decided to organize a costume a party. It should be cheerful. Yes this party for the adult who wants well to have fun and to have a rest. I promise that there will be many competitions and girl. Will be excellent DJ and alive music. Also there will be a sea of alcohol and appetizers. Unfortunately I can not cover all charges and I ask you about the help. I shall be glad kaazhdomu. Result the friends. I hope to you to like.", "\"Fame\" @ the Mansionis an event straight out of a movie scene. Just imagine... Hollywood celebrities arriving in their limousines, top entertainment industry tastemakers mingling, champagne flowing, red carpet photographers flashing, and all people in attendance dressed in their finest attire to partake in a moment that they will never forget. The party is on the same evening of the 54th Annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles so it guarantees that Hollywood celebrities will be out in full force. This event will leave the paparazzi pining for more!Guests in attendance will enjoy open bar and buffet all night long. The party and red carpet begins 8pm during which time our guests can take part in our silent auction to benefit angelwish.org. Directly following the silent auction our top notch DJ's will begin spinning music to keep the party flowing. A fashion show will begin our live performance segment which will be directly followed by a live performance by a GrammyAward winning musician tba.The grounds of the Playboy Mansion serve as a perfect place to hold this amazing spectacle because of its reputation to have the World's most beautiful Playmates, top celebrities, and ultra exclusive guest list. Guests that attend this event will travel from all across the World to engage in this awesome party! The host of the event, Sean \"Diddy\"Combs, is certainly the one entertainment mogul that is renowned for lavish parties and showing guests a good time. The best part of all is that a portion of the proceeds of this party will benefit angelwish.org and help children in need.", "Donald Trump will speak at the State College Chamber of Commerce today - the event, a business expo at the 700 member Chamber is sold out. The Pennsylvania Telegraph will carry the event live on its website at www.scchambertelegraph.com/topics/trumpnashua. Trump will be speaking at the event luncheon, which will take place from 12 to 2. Trump, has indicated that he will make an announcement regarding a run as a candidate for the GOP 2012 Presidential nomination, after the end of his realty TV show, \"Celebrity Apprentice\". Trump, who began by polling at the top of the GOP pack when included in 2012 polls, had fallen to 6th place in Public Policy Polling's May 10th National poll. Although the pollster has been described as \"a firm with connections to prominent Democrats\". and is known to lean towards Democrats, it is usually, towards the end of any given campaign cycle, accurate within the margin of error. The pollster's releases have focused heavily on the Obama birth certificate issue, when including Trump in its polls and specifically highlighting the issue in connection with trump in all releases. The latest poll of 602 likely GOP voters included Trump on Question #5 for favorability; with a 34% favorability rating, 12% unsure. Palin had the highest at rating at 61%, besting Gingrich, Romney, Trump and Huckabee. In the 6th question Trump is included in a field of eight candidates and one category: undecided - he places above Michele Bachman and Tim Pawlenty, ties with Ron Paul and polls behind Gingrich, Huckabee, Palin and Romney. Mike Huckabee takes the lead on this poll with 19%, 11% was undecided as to any of the potential announced or unannounced candidates. The poll included the question of the President's birthplace with 48% of respondents believing the President was born in the U.S. Public Policy Polling. In the prior National Poll released in April Trump was not included in the favorability questions, rather thrown in on Question 9 as a \"finally what if?\" question. The pollster has included Trump on all State polls since April: polls are available here. Although jumped on by the media as \"proof\" that Trump has taken a dive among GOP voters nationwide, Trump's political fortunes are subject to the reality of the economy and specifically Donald Trump. It remains to be seen how the media will cover the speech today at the Nashua Chamber: expect questions regarding Trump as a \"racist\" on his questions on the Presidents birth certificate and or the latest PPO poll. The media has taken a keen interest in Trump; which has taken away some of the vitriol aimed at Sarah Palin. Huckabee, who also has yet to announce due to contractual arrangements with Fox similar to Trump and Palin, has enjoyed the least scathing coverage by the general media. Should Trump, who appears to be rather thick skinned when it comes to the media, announce his candidacy, based most likely on internal polling, which one can bet the house, is taking place, it will be interesting to see how the media, and Hollywood react. Incidentally, the media to date also considers Trump potential candidacy as \"not serious\", viewing it as a \"publicity stunt\". In this opinion, it is not only a serious bid, but one that will surprise and in all likelihood Trump the media. TICKETS ARE ON SALE NOW AND SOLD OUT AT ALL OF THE OUTLETS AND AVAILABLE ONLINE ONLY.. EACH SEAT WILL START AT $500 AND SPONSORSHIP START AT $1500 FOR MORE INFO CONTACT OUR OFFICE.", "", "HONOREES;ANITA HILL, courageous law professor, author, attorney, and activist.;JOSE ANTONIO VARGAS, Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and immigration advocate.;;AWARD PRESENTATIONS;Emma Coleman Jordan, Georgetown University Law Center;Sayu Bhojwani, The New American Leaders Project;;EVENT CHAIRS;Teresa Clarke, Chairman and CEO, Africa.com LLC;Sara K. Gould, Atlantic Philanthropies Senior Fellow;Timothy Wilkins, Partner, Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP;;HOST;Carlos Watson, Goldman Sachs Managing Director, and Former CNN ; MSNBC Anchor;;FEATURING SCENES FROM THE PLAY, \"CELL\";Written by Cassandra Medley;;SPECIAL TRIBUTE TO JUDGE ROBERT L. CARTER 1917-2012;;HONORARY HOST COMMITTEE;Susan V. Berresford;Peter B. Edelman;Henry Louis Gates, Jr.;Benjamin T. Jealous;Charles J. Ogletree;Gloria Steinem;;HOST COMMITTEE;E. Kwaku Andoh;Caron Atlas;Ludovic Blain;Elise Boddie;Tanya Coke;Carol Crossdale;Edward J. Davis;Angela Dorn;Peter Eccles;Glenn P. Evans;Colin Greer;Daniel L. Greenberg;Milano Harden;Michael Hirschhorn;William and Sharon Hohauser;Dr. Olga Culmer Jenkins;Alexis McGill Johnson;Suzanne Nora Johnson and David Johnson;Olati Johnson;Dr. Michelle Johnson;Sally Kohn;Geraldine and Kit Laybourne;Kirsten D. Levingston;William Lyons;Idelisse Malav&eacute;;Lorraine and Gailon McGowen;Ricardo Millett;Taij K. Moteelall and Manauvaskar Kublall;Mitty Owens;Letty Cottin Pogrebin and Bert Pogrebin;Susan Butler Plum;Rashad Robinson;Tamara Robinson;Rinku Sen;Saul B. Shapiro;Craig Siegel;Sue Simon;Brian Smedley;Ruth Ann Stewart;Urvashi Vaid and Kate Clinton;;Doors open at 6pm. Program begins at 7:15pm sharp.;;Tickets may also be purchased by check. Please send to; Daniel Murphy, Development Office, The Opportunity Agenda, 568 Broadway, Suite 302, New York, NY 10012.;;For questions, please contact Daniel Murphy by email danmurphy80@ymail.com", "COME TO OUR VERY 1ST ANNUAL FATHER DAUGHTER BALL FUNRAISER COME AND HAVE A GREAT TIME DRESS TO IMPRESS CAUSE ITS GOING TO BE THE BEST NIGHT U AND YOUR DAUGHTER WILL EVER HAVE A NIGHT TO REMEMBER DANCEING NAD A 5 STAR DINNER DONT MISS OUT TICKETS ON SALE NOW PLEASE COME AND HAVE A GOOD TIME", "", "A night of musical bliss and sexual tension. Are you ready for a little infatuation? They say that infatuation is the state of being completely carried away by unreachable passion or lust. It can be like a drug, addictive. We were inspired to bring you a night of passion and soulful appreciation through music. Now infatuaion can be seen as an unrealistic expectation. Now we know that througout the night someone will catch your eye and sinful thoughts will pop into your head..... so heres the plan to keep this night fun and interesting.COLOURS FOR THE NIGHT", "Entrepreneurs and citizens are growing their communities by leveraging models that allow direct investing by the other 96%. Hear about the tools and strategies that enable the flow of local dollars into our communities, and the multiple benefits they provide.;Friday, June 15 ;| 5:30 &ndash; 8:00 p.m.$15 Pre-Registered | $20 at the doorEcotrusts Billy Frank Jr. Conference Room, Second FloorAmy Cortese, author of \"Locavesting\", begins the evening by sharing creative local investing initiatives around the country. She is followed by a blue ribbon panel describing efforts in Portland and around the Pacific Northwest.;;Saturday Workshops on June 16thAll workshops 9:00 a.m. - noonPREM Group Meeting Space at 12th and Flanders;WORKSHOP #1: Tools for Gathering Community CapitalThe Direct Public OfferingWorkshop Fee: $250.00;WORKSHOP #2: Becoming a Community InvestorJoin a Cohort and Begin to Develop Your ApproachWorkshop Fee: $50.00;", "People in today's society are always looking for ways to stand out from the crowd, from the vehiclesthey drive to the clothes they wear, the music they listen to and even the looks of their homes. In a world where homes in bigger cities are starting to get closer together and seem more and more alike, there are still ways to stand out from the crowd.A move is always a mammoth undertaking, but moving from an apartment to a house is especially challenging. A profusion of new responsibilities comes along with the excitement of owning a home. Along with the usual to-do list of packing, hiring movers, setting up phone and electrical services and planning the decor of a new pad, comes property maintenance both indoor and out. Whether your new yard is big or small, new or old, it will present unique challenges and opportunities for enjoyment. Now is the time to plan ahead so your dream garden will become a reality.In addition to money, your yard will consume much of your time in the coming months and years. Mowing, weeding, fertilizing, pruning, mulching and deadheading are garden tasks that have to be completed regularly. Depending on your lifestyle and financial ability, you may want to hire a lawn care service to lighten the load. Services vary from weekly lawn mowing to quarterly fertilizing and weed killing, to full service planting, fertilizing, watering, pruning, etc. An underground irrigation system can save a tremendous amount of time, especially if you live in a hot climate and have a large yard. These systems usually cost several thousands of dollars to install, but many homeowners find them well worth the cost. Home improvementis much easier when you are well-informed. Learn about home improvement, home safety and home maintenance. Our fesitival will consist of many aspects of home and garden improvement. We have many sponsors and customers who can lead you step by step to having your dream home . See you There!", "The first was a Success. Lets make this one epic. You will get venue info with ticket confirmation", "Exhibitions 2012Attic Gallery 50th Anniversary Year 1962 - 2012CURRENT EXHIBITION50th ANNIVERSARY EXHIBITION.- Retrospective Exhibition: 14 August room 3- Mixed Show, Current Artists: 14 Augustrooms 1 and 2This year the gallery is celebrating its 50thanniversary. The gallery, then named the Dillwyn Gallery, opened in Wind Street on 19 August 1962 with a group show which featured all the artists who had joined the gallery. At that time, the gallery provided an important venue for contemporary artists in Wales to exhibit their work. These often radical early exhibitions were frequently reviewed in the national press.Our 50thanniversary exhibition is on the 14 August. We intend to combine a retrospective exhibition featuring work we exhibited in the early 1960s along-side specially commissioned new work from many of the artists we currently represent, therefore providing a fascinating insight as to how the visual arts in Wales have changed over 50 years.", "", "Atlanta African Film ; Music Festival November 7, 2012 On Wednesday November 7th, the premier Fashion Show ; Dinner starts at 6pm, then the fashion show starts with local African designers Cynthia Emua of Emua fashions, and designer Benie Boo.Also included in this event is the VIP dinner awards with;dancers performing in between the two collections, and afterwards a special guest to perform a live music till the end of the night.;", "This Epilepsy training course is designed to discuss the signs and causes of Epilepsy,how to recognise and manage it plus the best courses of action if you are in a situation with someone having a seizure.Advanced Management of Seizures certificate valid for 3yrs is issued at end of course.First Aid Management training at work is a course which teaches basic first aid skills . certificate which is valid for one year is given.These 2 Courses are delivered over 5hrs with 30minutes break in between. light lunch during break plus cups of tea and coffee is provided through training.dress code is casual and ladies are advised to wear trousersThis course is assessed by the trainer.", "This course provides the comprehensive set of practical skills needed to become a confident first aider at work, giving you both the ability and knowledge to deal with first aid emergencies.Who should attend?This course is designed for people who want to receive our most thorough first aid training and is especially suited for nominated workplace first aiders looking to gain comprehensive, certified HSE approval.What you will learnThe content of the course will cover how to deal with the following:Accidents and illnessUsing a first aid kitSimple record keepingTreatment of an unconscious casualtyHeart attacksResuscitationShockChokingBleedingBurns and scaldsPoisoningFracturesSeizuresAsthmaSevere allergic reactionEye injuriesLow blood sugarFainting.Course duration1 Day", "We have a number of Ladies who love having their pictures taken at the parties, but that is not acceptable for everyone. We can dedicate an area at the beginning of the party in which we will provide a photographer to take your pictures, making sure that everyone knows that this is happening and that they are ok with having their picture taken; this includes those in the background. On arrival, youll be greeted warmly by one of our Hostesses who will show you around the venue offer you a welcoming drink and introduce you to the other guests. Our Hostesses are there for your convenience to ensure that you are having fun but also to listen to any advice or recommendation that you may be able to offer to improve Je taime Parties.;;;;;;;;;;", "Parents and Teachers help develop character in children and young adults.this conference is about protecting children and the youth it will involve humorous and lively discussion of puberty, the opposite sex and growing up. this seminar sets parents and their pre-teens on a straight course for talking with one another on these very important topics.however at the end of this seminar there will be a training for the children teacherTeacher Classroom Management ProgramThe program comprises the following components:Teacher Program 1 - The Importance of Teacher Attention, Encouragement, PraiseTeacher Program 2 - Motivating Children Through IncentivesTeacher Program 3 - Preventing Behavior Problems--the Proactive TeacherTeacher Program 4 - Decreasing Students Inappropriate BehaviorsTeacher Program 5 - Building Positive Relationships With Students, Problem SolvingFOR MORE INFO SEND US AN EMAIL AT: phadams@post.com70 Broad streetB1 2HT BIRMINGHAM", "Bonjour,Comme convenu, la visite a BARCELONE du 09 au 19 fevrier des membres de notre association est maintenue.Au programmeVisite du musee PicassoPromenade dans le Barrio GothicoMontee en haut de la Sagrada FamiliaDecouverte de la Casa BattloBalade dans le parc de MontjuicVisite du stade Camp NousSoiree tapas et discothequeLe depart est prevue pour le 09 fevirier a la Gare dAmiensCette page est destinee au retardataire nayant pas encore achete leur billet.Pour rappel sachez que le prix du billet comprend lhebergement ,le transport et votre participation a toutes les visites et evenements sur place .Veuillez prendre vos billets rapidement pour une meilleur organisation du sejourMerci de votre comprehensionAnne S BEUQUE", "The Vue Infinite tool enables producers to simulate natural environments for their media. Designers, developers, and media specialists are now learning about the latest installation of this useful software Vue 11. This conference enables the newbie to learn about this tool while also exhibiting the latest innovations in this latest installation. This event is good for anyone from the graphic artist, to the website designer to the professional developer and production grade corporate worker. Vue software enables the designer to bring their imagination to light through ecosystems simulation, global illumination, and sub-surface scattering. Vue 11 is also compatible with Cinema 4D, 3D Studio Max, and Maya.", "How Do You Inspire Your People?Survey after survey confirms that the single most important factor people want to see in their leaders is inspiration.Inspirational leaders breathe life, confidence and can-do into the organisation. They unlock 30% discretionary effort. They move us. People work for a manager, they do their best for a leader.There are many programmes on leadership, so why attend this one? Because it will help you to connect to your leadership role from a very different perspective.Step-by-step Inspirational Leadership coaches you through 8 BIG ideas to engage and inspire your people to achieve brilliant results.Engagement = Competitive AdvantageEngagement boosts performance and reduces attrition, but engagement doesnt just happen. It takes special skills to inspire people to perform at a high level on a regular basis. This masterclass shows you how.People are not led by plans and analysis. Martin Luther King did not say \"I have a strategic plan\". Creating inspiration, self-respect and a sense of excitement is what it is all about.Top managers have learned to communicate peoples worth and potential with such clarity that they come to see it in themselves. Inspirational Leadership shows you how.This Exhilarating 1 Day Session Includes:8 strategies for inspirational leadersHow to unlock discretionary effortThe science of motivation9 make-or-break ways to encourage extraordinary performance from peopleWhy you must build confidence and self-belief in those you leadHow to connect personal goals to business goals3 steps to share your strategy and vision. The importance of buy inHow to coach others to greatness. Lessons from Ross Brawn, Steve Jobs, Carly Fiorina, Jose MourinhoExecution. How to bridge the gap between goals and resultsHow to be a positive agent of changeHow to grow people. Inspirational leaders are those who create an environment where people feel terrific about themselvesHow to inspire creativity and innovation6 key ways to build a winning team. When a team member operates in a climate that encourages winning, he or she tends to become a high-performerHow to tap the inherent worth of the task. He or she who has a why to live for can bear almost any how", "Boss Lady Birthday Bash!!!!", "", "", "", "Ayo berpartisipasi dalam acara seni dan musik spesial untuk mendukung program Karyaku Untuk Sahabat 2. Setelah tahun 2007; untuk SD yang terkena dampak gempa di Yogjakarta, tahun 2009 ini KaryaKu Untuk Sahabatkembali lagi. Jilid kedua ini merupakan ungkapan nyata kepedulian anak-anak di Bali terhadap sahabat mereka yang menjadi korban gempa di Padang.Kali ini sebanyak 45 lukisan hasil karya anak-anak di Bali akan di jual dan dilelang untuk membantu teman-teman mereka di Padang agar bisa bersekolah kembali. 25 Lukisan akan dijual dengan kisaran harga Rp 250.000-700.000,00. Silahkan kunjungi di www.mycleanreef.org. Sebanyak 16 lukisan lainnya dilelang yang akan berlangsung pada :Hari/Tanggal : 28 juny 2013Lokasi;;;;;;;;;;;;;; : Gado-Gado Resturant, Jl Camplung Tanduk Dhyana Pura #99 SeminyakKontribusi;;;;; : Untuk 4 course dinner sebesar Rp 400.000,- sedangkan untuk tiket masuk Rp 50.000,00Tiket box;;;;; : Reef Check Indonesia, Gado-Gado Restaurant, Anantara Resort Seminyak, Sofitel; Hotels Seminyak, Four Seasons Resort; JimbaranSemua keuntungan tiket, lelang dan penjualan lukisan akan digunakan untuk pembangunan kembali bangunan sekolah dasar; serta peralatan-peralatan belajar mengajar di Padang.Acara ini akan didukung dengan; live music dari Oppie Andaresta, Saharadja, Bali SodaSchool of Dramatic Arts Student. Juga tari dari Salsa dan Jive oleh The Dance Company. Dimeriahkan pula dengan tarian etnik oleh Komunitas Padang di Bali. Sejumlah door prize juga; tersedia.Kegiatan ini terselenggara atas kerjasama Reef Check Indonesia, Coca Cola for Bali Program, Promotion Events yang didukung oleh Rotary Seminyak, Anantara Resort Seminyak, The Sofitel, Four Season Resorts Bali,; the Yak, Alpatra Production.//", "This sixth annual event is windhoek soccer fiestal kick-off celebration, featuring a daylong fiesta of; Africanans culture with continuous live musical performances on two stages by international, national and local recording artists. OWAMBO music, DAMARA ; HERERO folk dancing, helicopter rides, youth soccer clinics, interactive sponsor displays with many free product samples, arts and crafts, and authentic foods from several African, European and Latin-American countries all bring Fiestas Patrias to life at Fiesta Windhoek, Namibia.This event takes place at:Sports Centre windhoek,Namibia101, khomas street windhoek namibia", "Its BACK, BIGGER ; BETTER! The 25th Rhino Charge 2013 Series!What is the Rhino Charge? ;;;; The Rhino Charge is an annual off road motorsport competition that has been held in Kenya since 1989. It is a unique and exciting competition that requires bravery and a high level of skill in off-road driving and navigation. This year, the event has been organized by Sino-Africa Safaris for a very noble cause-conservation of Kenya&rsquo;s Aberdare Ecosystem.;Funds raised by the Rhino Charge will play an important role in this.;Event InfoTeams can be made up of 2 to 6 people so long as the vehicle can accommodate them, teamwork can be as important and off-road ability and common sense more valuable than horsepower! We also have modified 4x4s for attendees who wish not to torture their SUVs in the wild. Camping tents and food has been included in the ticket price. Bottled drinking water will also be provided.;LitterLitter is unsightly and dangerous to both livestock and wild animals.; Please observe the following rules:Burn all flammable litter on your camp fireUse the bags provided by BINS for other rubbish such as tins, bottle tops, foil etc.; PLEASE take these bags to the collection site which will be sign posted.; DO NOT LEAVE THEM IN YOUR CAMP.; Do not BURY litterTake particular care not to leave any sharp objects on the groundAny litter not disposed off through the above methods should be taken home with youPlease leave your campsite as you found it.FIREFires may be lit only in the camping area, with the following strict conditions:-Clear a space around your camp fire, removing all potentially flammable grass and foliage.-Do not leave your fire unattended, even for a short time. Pour water on the fire when leaving.DO NOT THROW CIGARETTES OUT OF YOUR CAR WINDOW.NOISEThe Rhino Charge takes this form of pollution as seriously as any other.; We would be grateful if you could maintain a sociable quiet conduct and adhere to the following rules:Loud music is strongly discouraged.; If music is played, keep the volume turned low so as not to disturb neighbouring camps.Power generators are discouraged.; If they must be used then they should be placed well away from other camps and, ideally, placed in a pit to muffle their noise.DRIVINGOnly competitors and officials are permitted to drive off-road, and only during the event.; For all other vehicles we would be grateful if you could observe the following stipulations:-Everybody is expected to drive slowly and quietly in the camp.Joy-riding is forbidden in all areas.; -Night driving is permitted only with written permission from the organisers.VAF Vehicle Access Fee All vehicles entering the Rhino Charge venue should display the stickers provided to valid ticket holders. This years payment package is all in one! The $850 fee includes a modified 4X4, camping tents, fuel, food ; refreshments, firewood for the night and round the clock medical attention.;Safety Monitoring with GPS TrackingSAFETY MONITORING WITH GPS TRACKINGSince 2008 real-time satellite tracking has been used to monitor chargers cars at the Rhino Charge. This measure was introduced to improve the overall safety of participants by enabling faster more accurate recovery in the event of an emergency. In addition to regular position updates on the competitors&rsquo; cars throughout the event, the system includes a &lsquo;panic button&rsquo; that can be pressed in case of emergency. This will alert the organizers to any problem that a competitor may have and give co-ordinates to which the Air and Ground search and rescue teams can be directed.How GPS Technology Works Basic Process:A tracking unit is installed in the vehicle and the antenna is mounted where it has clear view of the sky e.g. on the dash board. The unit receives a signal from GPS satellites which give a fix on the location of the vehicle. For accuracy, at least four GPS satellites are used to get an accurate location of the vehicle.The device then transmits the message using either a satellite communication link over Inmarsat using the M2M Protocol or via a Mobile Phone Service provider Safaricom or Zain using GPRS. Satellite communications via Inmarsat M2M are transmitted through Skywave Communications Land Earth Station which forwards the data to Rivercross servers. Once here, the BlueTrax control room software and web interface decode the message and display it on a digital map.During the Charge, a control room station is setup at HQ where the real-time monitoring is done showing exact locations of participants. The Control room monitors for panic alerts, unusual delays, disoriented vehicles and other situations that could jeopardize the safety of participants. A spectators&rsquo; station is also available at the event where friends and team mates can use the Track A Buddy service to get the latest locations of their team mates. The tracking will also be available live on; www.rivercrosstracking.com throughout the event, for those who will be watching from home.Basic installation of the tracking unitThe key components include:Power &ndash; It is obtained from the normal car battery and the unit is fused by a 2A fuse.Transceiver &ndash; It incorporates both SAT and GSM antennas and is mounted where it cannot easily get damaged.Antennas SAT and GSM &ndash; These are mounted where they have clear view of the sky e.g. on the dash board, and should be at least one meter apart.Panic Button &ndash; It has two wires running to the transceiver and the negative power terminal of the car and is usually mounted where it can be easily accessed in case of an accident.;Key Terminologies:GPS &ndash; Global Positioning System is a space-based;global navigation satellite system;that provides reliable location;and time information in all weather and at all times and anywhere on or near the Earth where there is an unobstructed line of sight to four or more GPS satellites.GSM &ndash; Global System for Mobile CommunicationGPRS &ndash; General Packet Radio Service is a;packet oriented;mobile data service;available to users of the;2G cellular communication;systems;GSM, as well as in the;3G;systems. ;For more information on the upcoming event, send an email to: sinoafricaltd@hotmail.com;", "Friendship of the party goers, party till the morning.", "This Event is going to be organised for charity purpose. All the tickets money and advertisement money will be earned by this program will be in safe hands and we will use it for the help of the poor.Alll people are requested to participate is this fund collection musical program as much as.Regards", "All the concepts needed to build your business. Great job opportunity", "Le programme du Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; est de retour au Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly du 15 juin au 15 septembre 2013. Au programme, de nombreuses animations festives de tous genres propos&eacute;es tout au long de l&eacute;t&eacute; autour du jardin : lectures, siestes &eacute;lectroniques, contes, ateliers pour petits et grands, concerts, rencontres&hellip; Tout un &eacute;ventail de possibilit&eacute;s pour se la couler douce.;Que diriez-vous daller faire un petit tour du c&ocirc;t&eacute; du;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;du;Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly;? A nouveau, cette ann&eacute;e, le jardin du mus&eacute;e souvre &agrave; vous gratuitement pour vous offrir tout un panel dactivit&eacute;s &agrave; faire en famille ou entre amis. Des activit&eacute;s qui vous d&eacute;connecteront de la fr&eacute;n&eacute;sie parisienne le temps dun;conte, dune;sieste &eacute;lectronique;ou encore dune s&eacute;ance de;sport.Cette ann&eacute;e, le;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;fait &agrave; nouveau lEloge de la lenteur et invite les promeneurs &agrave; rencontrer, &eacute;couter et contempler. Prenez votre temps et prenez conscience de la biodiversit&eacute; des v&eacute;g&eacute;taux, voici les maitres mots de ce jardin dessin&eacute; par;Gilles Cl&eacute;ment. Dailleurs, un;parcours ludique en herbe interactif;en QR Code code-barre &agrave; lire avec son smartphone pour avoir des infos vous invite &agrave; venir &agrave; bout des secrets du jardin et d&eacute;couvrir les contes et l&eacute;gendes autour de sa muse : la tortue.Le programme de l&eacute;t&eacute; :Atelier en famille \"Prends-en de la graine\"Les petits botanistes en herbe sont invit&eacute;s &agrave; composer leurs \"boules de graines\" dans le mini-labo mobile une brouette customis&eacute;e, dans le jardin. Ces boulettes pourront ensuite &ecirc;tre diss&eacute;min&eacute;s dans la ville.Tous les week-ends de juin et de septembre, puis tous les jours en juillet et ao&ucirc;t de 15h &agrave; 17hLes pratiques amateursCet &eacute;t&eacute;, prenez le temps de venir vous initier &agrave; des pratiques sportives ou artistiques diverses prodigu&eacute;s par des associations confirm&eacute;s. Cest le tour du monde des activit&eacute;s qui vous est propos&eacute; cette ann&eacute;e.Les samedis 15 et 22 juin et 13 et 27 juillet de 15h &agrave; 18hLe Jardin des contesVenez suivre l&rsquo;histoire depuis sa racine en &eacute;coutant les r&eacute;cits des conteurs du mus&eacute;e. Qu&rsquo;elles viennent des &eacute;tendues d&eacute;sertiques du Sahara, des jardins de th&eacute; des versants de l&rsquo;Himalaya ou des for&ecirc;ts tropicales d&rsquo;Amazonie, ces histoires vous racontent les liens myst&eacute;rieux qui unissent les hommes et les plantes.Gratuit dans la limite des places disponibles, tous les week-ends, de 14h0 &agrave; 15hLes livres nomadesEn suivant les sentiers qui traversent le jardin des mousses et longent le th&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, vous acc&eacute;derez &agrave; une entr&eacute;e secr&egrave;te du salon de lecture. Ici, une s&eacute;lection d&rsquo;ouvrages autour des th&eacute;matiques du Jardin d&rsquo;&eacute;t&eacute; est &agrave; votre disposition : vous pourrez les emprunter le temps d&rsquo;une pause lecture dans le jardin.En acc&egrave;s libre du 15 juin au 18 ao&ucirc;tJeux sous la roseraieDes jeux venus des 4 continents attendent petits et grands sous la roseraie tels que Fanorona de Magagascar ou encore Bagh Chal du N&eacute;pal...LecturesDes lectures par un duo fran&ccedil;ais-congolais pontuent l&eacute;t&eacute; des visiteurs du jardin. Diff&eacute;rents genres litt&eacute;raires sont abord&eacute;s roman, po&eacute;sie, nouvelles, th&eacute;&acirc;tre... pour d&eacute;couvrir des auteurs du monde entier. Et si vous voulez vous lancer, des initiations de lecture &agrave; voix haute vous sont ouvertes.- Lecture &agrave; voix haute samedi 13 juilletet dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 14h30- Initiation de lecture &agrave; voix haute dimanche 23 juin, samedi 13 juillet et dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 15h30- Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite dans la limite des places disponibles, r&eacute;servationsalondelecture@quaibranly.frSiestes &eacute;lectroniquesVenez faire la sieste en &eacute;coutant des DJ sets exclusifs r&eacute;unissant &agrave; chaque fois deux artistes. Pour cette occasion, la m&eacute;diath&egrave;que du mus&eacute;e ouvre aux DJs invit&eacute;s sa collection de musiques venant des 4 coins du monde.Dimanche 7, 14, 21 et 28 juillet de 16h &agrave; 18hUn week-end en Cor&eacute;eCette ann&eacute;e, le mus&eacute;e du quai Branly accueille une programmation exceptionnelle dans le cadre de;Paris Quartier d&eacute;t&eacute;, avec les groupes Be-Being et Noreum Machi.Acc&egrave;s libre dans la limite des places disponibles les vendredi 19, samedi 20 et dimanche 21 juilletTh&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, jardin du mus&eacute;eBref, un joli programme pour se d&eacute;tendre et samuser, le tout sans un rond, cest tout b&eacute;n&eacute;f.Infos pratiques :Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; au Mus&eacute;e du Quai BranlyDu 15 juin au;15 septembre 2013Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite", "Includes race entry, clue sheet, tshirt, bib number, bottled water, drink/food specials at the afterparty and much more!", "APPEL A CANDIDATURE;Le 1 octobre 2012 d&eacute;bute la 1&eacute;me &eacute;dition des &laquo;;Troph&eacute;es de;l&rsquo;Engagement Solidaire;&raquo;, l&rsquo;occasion pour toutes les associations qui;s&rsquo;engagent et agissent au quotidien au sein de la soci&eacute;t&eacute; marocaine de;se faire conna&icirc;tre et d&rsquo;&ecirc;tre soutenues.;Cette op&eacute;ration a pour vocation de donner un v&eacute;ritable coup de pouce;et de projecteur aux associations et aux actions remarquables qu&rsquo;elles;d&eacute;veloppent dans quatre domaines :&bull; HUMANITAIRE ; CARITATIF&bull; ENVIRONNEMENT ; DEVELOPPEMENT&bull; CULTURE ; EDUCATION&bull; ENFANCE ; JEUNESSE;Pour sa premi&egrave;re &eacute;dition, 40 d&rsquo;initiatives seront mises en lumi&egrave;re et;13 associations laur&eacute;ates se partageront une dotation importante et de;nombreux prix.Il y aura 3 laur&eacute;ats par cat&eacute;gorie et un prix sp&eacute;cial;Web projecteur.;Ainsi, parce que chacun peut &ecirc;tre acteur de cette d&eacute;marche solidaire,;le cabinet Conseil Affaire Publique invite les responsables;associatifs, les b&eacute;n&eacute;voles, le grand public &agrave; amplifier ce mouvement;de soutien aux associations et jusqu&rsquo;au 15 d&eacute;cembre 2012 &agrave; inscrire,;recommander ou soutenir son association sur le site : trophee.cap.ma;Cette op&eacute;ration a &eacute;t&eacute; cr&eacute;&eacute;e afin d&rsquo;encourager les acteurs de terrain;et contribuer &agrave; mettre en avant leur formidable cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; et leur;mobilisation pour accompagner le d&eacute;veloppement de l&rsquo;engagement;solidaire plus particuli&egrave;rement.;Un dispositif participatif de solidarit&eacute; ouvert &agrave; tous et accessible;par Internet sera mis &agrave; disposition. Le comit&eacute; organisateur appelle;donc &agrave; une mobilisation du plus grand nombre afin que soient;identifi&eacute;es et donc contact&eacute;es les associations concern&eacute;es par cette;op&eacute;ration.Ainsi, que l&rsquo;on soit responsable associatif, b&eacute;n&eacute;vole ou;citoyen, chacun peut contribuer et jouer un r&ocirc;le essentiel pour;l&rsquo;association de son choix.Il lui suffira d&rsquo;indiquer celle qu&rsquo;il;souhaite voir participer aux Troph&eacute;es des Associations dans la;rubrique &laquo; Je suis supporter &raquo; du site trophee.cap.ma. L&rsquo;association;concern&eacute;e en sera inform&eacute;e et pourra d&egrave;s lors &ecirc;tre candidate.;La rubrique &laquo; Je suis une association &raquo; sera r&eacute;serv&eacute;e &agrave; l&rsquo;inscription;des associations candidates.La c&eacute;r&eacute;monie de remise des Troph&eacute;es donnera lieu aux &eacute;changes et aux;rencontres. Elle permettra aux associations d&rsquo;&ecirc;tre visibles et mises;en valeur.Chacun est invit&eacute; &agrave; rejoindre ce mouvement solidaire, &agrave; recommander ou;encourager une association sur trophee.cap.ma;", "Bar club", ";n August of 2012, unknown to us, our second child- a sweet girl named Isla Rose- was born. Two days later, we recieved the phone call we had been waiting for for over a year- \"This is the call. Youve been chosen by a birthmother and your daughter is here. Come get her!\" We were over the moon excited and we, as well as our son Noah, fell immediately in love with this little lady. A week later, our joy was squashed when we learned of a contest on our adoption- someone trying to undo our adoption. Not only did this absolutely break our hearts and scare us silly, it effectively multiplied our legal fees by almost TEN. At the time that Isla came home, we were prepared to pay $3,000-5,000 in legal fees for her adoption, but as of August 2013, we have already paid over $26,000, but we have yet to go to court for our final hearing- which will be the majority of our fees. We know that God has called us to walk this rocky road of adoption for a reason, and we are already seeing Him in ways we did not before. He is our provider and we truly believe that the Lord will provide these funds. We would ask that you would pray about contributing to our fundraiser, as well as pray for us as we prepare to go to court for our final hearing on September 4th and 5th", "Shanghai BoundSimon James | 2008 | China | 19min My Amersham | Marco Williamson | 2008 | UK | 3minThe Last Pig Ultimul porcCristina Popov | 2008 | Romania | 15minIntidada NYCDavid Teague | 2009 | USA | 47minHelium / &#1061;&#1077;&#1083;&#1080;&#1112;&#1091;&#1084;Giuseppe Schettino | 2008 | Serbia, Montenegro | 9min Life Must Inspire Trust / E preciso quea vida inspire confiancaCintia Gil, Maria Joana | 2008 | Portugal | 26minClose Your Eyes And Look At MeLindsey Dryden | 2008 | UK | 6Shooting LocationsThomas Kutschker | 2009 | Germany | 8minPlane DaysBenjamin Kracun, Ewan McNicol | 2008 | UK | 15minSanza HanzaNadia Hallgren | 2008 | South Africa | 7min Bus Lovers / BusologosMaria Laura Bovone | 2008 | Brazil | 12minRapresentIvana Todorovic | 2008 | Serbia | 31min", "The Narcotic FarmLuke Walden | 2008 | USA | 55min A previously untold story of jazz, human drug testing and secret CIA research. The vivid recollections of former addicts, and astonishing, government-produced films bring to life a story of noble intentions and lingering questions. Six Floors to HellJonathan Ben Efrat | 2008 | Israel | 52minGeha Junction, Tel Aviv, hundreds of Palestinians live underground. They slip into Israel to find work. Their hiding place is in the underground garage of an unfinished shopping mall. From the darkness emerge still darker forms and ghostly voices. Voices Across the WallSam Liebmann | 2008 | Palestine, Israel | 36min In a land of routine, everyday, and symbolic violence we listen to the voices of the leader of the Israel National Front, the father of a suicide bomber, and a Rabbi helping Palestinians.", "Women of HamasSuha Arraf | Israel / Palestine / German | 2010 | 56minFour Palestinian women, each with a different background, discuss their lives as followers of Hamas. The controversial political organization came to power in 2006 when it defeated its opponent Fatah in Palestinian elections. Despite the partys ultra-conservative views, it apparently provides women in the Gaza Strip with many opportunities to develop both politically and as soldiers.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Wanna make some friends and drink the most beautiful drink in the world? * Time : 11:00am - 06:50pm, July 22th, 2011 * Location: Cly Main Building, 170 Wenatchee Common,Fremont, CA 94539-5847 * Agenda:01:00pm - 01:30pm : Welcome02:30pm - 03:15pm : introduceabout the main purpose! 03:30pm - 04:00pm : Coffee break04:10pm - 04:30am : Sharing from Ms. Anna Underwood 04:45pm - 06:30pm : Open discussion06:30:45pm - 06:50pm : Closing notesWe hope the above date will be convenient for you. Look forward to welcome you all at the event.Yours faithfully,", "http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=236437749734247ITS THE LAST SATURDAY OF THE MONTH, AUGUST THE 27TH WILL SEE OUT A GRAND MONTH END CELEBRATION..A SERIOUSLY OUTSTANDING EVENT THIS IS GONNA BE.YOU ARE ALL IMPLORED TO MAKE AN APPEARANCE....BRING YOURSELF DOWN, TELL YOUR SOPHISTICATED FRIENDS, SPREAD THE WORD.GO-GETTERS MEETS TRENDSETTERS IS GOING DOWN LIVE!!!ON SATURDAY THE 27TH OF AUGUST.SEEK NO MORE FOR THAT SPECIAL PARTY TO END THE MONTH WITH, WE HAVE GOT JUST THE PREFECT TREAT FOR YOU.ALL AT THE ULTRA LOUNGE, STEAM BAR.146 PREAD STREET, PADDINGTON, LONDON. W2 1EE.TIME:10PM TILL 3.30AMTHE STYLISH AND GROWN FOLKS WILL BE IN THE HOUSE TO PLAY.AN EVENT SET UP FOR MATURE MINDED TRENDY GUESTSMUSIC FROM THE STABLES OF THE BADDEST.BIG DJS WHO KNOW THEIR ONION!IF DANCING IS YOUR THING, YOU ARE TRULY AT THE RIGHT SPOT, AS YOU ARE GONNA DANCE ; PARTY NON-STOP TILL THE PARTY ENDS!BIRTHDAY BOOKINGS/TABLE BOOKINGS/GUEST LIST INFO, CONTACT *07958427790 TEL * 21FEC77B PINGO-GETTERS MEETS TRENDSETTERS...A CLASSY MUST ATTEND!!!", "Internationally renowned multi-millionaire stock trader and wealth generation expert, created Knowledge to Action - Europes largest trader training companyGreg and his company of elite Stock Trader coaches have taught trading skills to over 100,000 people worldwide, providing them with the ability to create a second or replacement income from anywhere in the world.Greg is a globally recognised trading and wealth expert. He regularly speaks with such financial gurus as Tony Robbins, Robert Kiyosaki, Sir Richard Branson, Tony Blair and many others.He has created a team of world class Stock Market Traders to help get YOU started.In this extraordinary free seminar...This team of trader coaches will share the strategies that Greg and his top-flight Stock Traders have spent years developing and perfecting. It is this repeatable knowledge that will show YOU how to trade the Stock Markets like a professional.Youll have the skills to leverage your money ; time with a trading system that works.You dont need any previous financial education or trading experienceWe do not advise upon or tip any trades shown in any seminar. All trades demonstrated whilst on Knowledge to Actions courses are for educational and illustration purposes only. Past performance is no guarantee of future performance. As with any financial investment or activity, you may not get back the amount you invest. The value of your investments and income may go down as well as up. CFDs and Spread Bets are highly leveraged products. They carry a high level of risk to your capital. Due to the leverage used, it is possible for you to incur losses larger than your initial outlay. These products are not suitable for all investors. Please make sure you understand the risks involved. Rates of exchange may cause the value of your investments to go up or downDisclaimer: Our Seminars are purely educational in nature.-->//", "", "ALL TICKET SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS,AND NO CHANGES CAN BE MADE TO YOUR TICKET ORDER.", "", "MIAMI NIGHTCLUB ; FLY SOCIETY PRESENTS TITY BOI A.k.A. 2cHAINZ PERFORMING LIVE!!!JANUARY 27TH 2012 DOORS OPEN AT 9PMLADIES DRINK FREE ROSE TIL 11PM$3 PEACH, REDBERRY ; COCONUT CIROC TIL 11:30EVERYBODY $20 ALL NIGHT!!! BOOTH ; TABLE RESERVATIONS LISTED ABOVE OR CALL 864.386.4360TWITTER: @MIAMIUPSTATE FACEBOOK: MIAMI UPSTATE NIGHTLIFE5 WEBB ROADGREENVILLE SC 29607DRESS CODE ENFORCED!!! \"FLY\" ; \"SEXY\" EVENT18 to party / 21 to drink", "", "", "Sunday Morning Rapture, the new film by Pastor William Sheals and End Touch Movies, debuts to the West Coast, Friday, April 06,2012, at the Love Center Churchin Oakland, CA. Gospel All Stars of America in partnership with End Touch Movies is hosting thespecial screeningat 7:00 p.m. Tickets are available through www.gospelallstars.com.Sunday Morning Rapture features a cast of accomplished actors including Tiny \"DEBO\" Lister, Bryan Davoll and Darwin Hobbs, winner of the 2011 Stellar Award for Praise and Worship CD of the Year. The film's Director and Executive Producer is Dr. William L. Sheals, senior pastor of Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church in Norcross, GA, for over 31 years. The screenplay was written by Eric Ayala.VIEW THE MOVIE TRAILER NOW!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVU-i3jt_RA;feature=youtube_gdata_playerSunday Morning Rapture shakes you to your core and makes you ask, \"If I died today, would I be saved?\" End Touch Movies creates, produces and distributes Bible-based films, books and media to the faith-based community and community-at-large.WATCH THE MOVIE TRAILER NOW http://youtu.be/v1tieK9SrTw?hd=1Pastor Sheals has grown Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church from a small, rural church to a suburban mega-church. He has appeared in 3 major films. He's directed 2 independent films, and he wrote, directed and produced the film, The Prodigal Son. He's written over 7 inspirational books and has received numerous awards and honors such as the Presidential Special Citizens Award for \"Founding Director of Ministers Against Drugs\" in 1989, Founding President of the North Metro 100 Black Men in 1993, recipient of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Drum Major Award in 1999, and Who's Who in Black America 2002.Tiny \"DEBO\" Lister has appeared in Beverly Hills Cop II, Fifth Element, Runaway Train and the Austin Powers movie Goldmember with Mike Myers.To attend the West Coast Screeningof Sunday Morning Rapture visit www.gospelallstars.com or call 866-473-0580.About Gospel All Stars:Contact: Gospel All Stars of America www.gospelallstars.com Phone: 866-473-0580", "The Tabitha Taylor ;Mass Artists EntertainmentPresentsTV/RadioFundraiserHost by: Tabitha Taylor December 8, 2012@Friendly Baptist Church962 Ogden AvenueBronx, NY 10452Rev. A.L. Sutton, PastorDoors open at 4:00 PM Program Starts at 5:00 PM SharpTicket price: $20.00 Children $5.00For Tickets Call MAE at 646 -340 - 0374All groups will have ticketsEarly Bird Tickets \"15 ONLINE ONLY\"For the First 250 people July 1, 2012 - September 30, 2012 www.massartists.comFeatured GuestBishop Joe Clark ; AeroFaith, NJThe Original Golden Stars, CTPhillips Brothers, Bronx, NYNu Sounds - CTLittle Jay ; Spiritual Boys, NJFriendly Baptist Male Chorus - Bronx, NY MC: Bro. Jerome Hampton", "i will teach you how to maximize factoring companies ability to buy invoices.", "The 2012 Conference theme is \"The Maritime Bay: Its Economic Importance to the Northern California Economy\" This annual event brings together 300 BPC member business leaders and guests including local, state and federal environmental regulatory agency and organization CEO&rsquo;s. BPC&rsquo;s mission is focused on developing and implementing collaborative strategies for maintaining and improving the Bay&rsquo;s economic and environmental health among the diverse interests that contribute to the Bay-Delta economy, regulate Bay uses and enjoy its resources.;", "04/28KnicksvsHeat-03:30pm ET-Tickets04/30KnicksvsHeat-07:00pm ET-Tickets05/03HeatvsKnicks-07:00pm ET-Tickets05/06HeatvsKnicks-03:30pm ET-Tickets", "This is our 1st Anual code release. Purchase ticket and we will email you the code.It tooks 7 months to develop this code for users to use on there websites. Please test it out and let us know if you come across any bugs. We will fix them ASAP.", "Excel 2010 Advanced ;$125You have made it through basic and intermediate but do you know all you need to know in Excel? Work with our experts to improve what you have learned and put to use what you will learn. Be proficient in statistical and financial functions, using MATCH and INDEX, pivot charts and tables, exporting and importing text files and XML data. Finish the course learning Goal Seek and Solver while using Analysis ToolPak. You must have taken Excel Basic and Intermediate before taking this course. Materials included.Jul 24-26 ; ;T/Th ; ;8:30am-12:25pm ; ;Conference Center", "Rick! Ross! Album Release! Party ; Concert \"KING OF DIAMONDS\" Saturday August! 4th its going to be a \"Trustory\", Pls get your tickets early! The whole world Gona b there", "You ready for the new life tour;meet ck and greet and get an autograph", "If you are a beginner or an improver looking for DIY or building skills, electrical training, a new career or a second income, we are able to help you.We are offering 2 day Foundation Electrical course for students wishing to learn electrics who have little or no experience or tradesmen who have not previously undertaken this type of work. It is ideally suited to those people looking for DIY purposes, or those looking to progress on to the 2 day Electrical Inspection and Testing course. It covers practical skills from applying Ohms Law and calculating correct fuse ratings to installing and testing circuits.1st day task will coverWiring up a ring mainWiring up a radial circuit3 plate lighting circuit2 way switchingIntermediate switchingFused connection unitOutside LightSafe IsolationBasic Testing2nd day task will coverYou will achieve a basic understanding of:BondingEarthing systemsSafety techniquesStandard lighting circuits2 way switchingIntermediate switchingRing mainsRadial circuitsFused connection unitsExtractor fansZone requirements and special location installationsCalculating loading and cable sizingBasic testing proceduresThis course is attendance and completion only and does not involve any exams. Included is an assessment for suitability to progress on to any of our electrical qualification courses.one day course is 240 buying two tickets 480 will be for the two days bed and breakfast included*.*you will have to book at least three days in advance to get bed and breakfast inclusive.give us a call on 01916450441 andemail zonicity@toke.com43 Blackburn roadDagenhamRM10 8SS", "Are you looking to launch your own affiliate marketing program? There are many good events that can help you get started. You'll be able to meet affiliates and vendors in person, and find out what tools are needed to run a successful affiliate program. You'll also be able to connect with other retailers and learn from their experiences firsthand. The affiliate industry is pleasantly unique in that knowledge is freely shared.", "", "JONNY ENTERTAINMENT PRESENT PRESIDETIAL ;ELECTION ;DINNER TABLE ; AFTER PARTY ..SPECIAL ;ARTIST OF THE DAY IS;Mike Stud....", "The seminar is designed for the emerging artist who is serious about his or her art career. Every artist will receive a resource packet including a CD of essential documents and other reference materials.This is the original business and marketing seminar for emerging artists, designed to give practical information and advice towards a successful fine arts career. Each seminar is six hours long and all of the information and resources provided are useful to artists working in all media, including painting, sculpture and photography. The presenter Adwen Powel has given the \"Success as an Artist\" seminar to hundreds of welsh area artists, curators, teachers and other arts professionals since August of 1999. The issues covered and discussed are not based on theory, but grounded on actual experience.\"Success as an Artist\" seminar featured in The GazetteThe next \"Success as an Artist\" Seminar will be held on Saturday,November 24.The following issues will be covered during the seminar:Materials- Buying materials: lowering your costs- Presentation- Conservation issues- Archival Matting and Framing- Limited editions - signing and numbering- Prints vs. Reproduction- Iris Prints Pros and Cons- Creating a Resume- Building a Portfolio- Juried Shows- Strategies for Getting Accepted- How to photograph your artwork- Selling your art- How to write a press release- PublicityGalleries- Vanity Galleries- Co-Operatives- Commercial Galleries- Non-profit Art spaces- How to approach a gallery- Gallery/Artist Relationships- Contracts Outdoor Art Festivals - Resources- Display systems and tents- Best shows and ones to avoid- Accepting Credit cards- National Alternative Marketing", "This seminar opens doors to the qualification needed to apply for your Personal Licence to sell alcohol in Scotland and advance your career prospects within the licensed retail sector in Scotland.Course OverviewThe training course will provide each delegate with a clear understanding of the framework of law and regulation that underpins the responsibilities of the Personal Licence Holder. This will include:Rationale for the development of the Licensing Scotland Act 2005 Overview of the licensing function Key roles Licences and operating conditions Protection of children from harm Training Associated law Alcohol Illegal drugs Social responsibility Community linksWho should take this qualification?Anyone working in a job role that requires them to authorise retail sales of alcohol in either on-licence or off-licence premises in Scotland: managers, assistant managers and supervisors, or staff seeking promotion to one of these positions.SEND US AN EMAIL FOR MORE DETAILS:;train4me@ymail.com", "", "", "20 of 29,855;;&gt;&lt;Why this ad?TD Ameritrade - TD Ameritrade Easy IRA - Rated &ldquo;Best Broker for your IRA&rdquo; by Kiplinger&rsquo;s. Open an account and get up to $600.1024;;;;;IEB, me 5;[IEB CREATIVE] New invoice 00001194 - To view your invoice from IEB CREATIVE for $375.00, or to download a PDF copy for your records, click;3:08 pm;;IEB CREATIVE;[IEB CREATIVE] New invoice 00001198 - To view your invoice from IEB CREATIVE for $390.00, or to download a PDF copy for your records, click;3:06 pm;;TonightAtlanta.com;::TONIGHT: Seduction Saturdays @ ARIF Hookah Lounge - Starts At 6pm - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;2:19 pm;;TonightAtlanta.com;::If You Get \"IN\" Trouble ; Want To Get \"OUT\", Call THE PATTERSON FIRM! - Useful Mobile... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;12:33 pm;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Jagged Edge Up Close ; Personal TONIGHT @ Harlem Nights - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;11:15 am;;Insider Wealth Alert;Buy this stock Monday no matter what happens to APPL - Buy this Stock &ndash; Not Apple &ndash; at Mondays Market Open This may sound cavalier, but... I couldn;10:54 am;;inAtlanta.us;Atlanta Vocalist Phillippia Is Addicted Read The Story At www.inAtlanta.us - Email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser. For more info regarding advertising: call;10:07 am;;AccountNotify@verizonwir.;Thank You for your Verizon Wireless Payment - Verizon Wireless For Your Verizon Wireless Account Number Ending With 1572 Here are the details of;9:52 am;;ATLbarz.com BarBuzz Repo.;The IDES Of MARCH &gt;&gt; WSF RECAP PARTY Fri 3/8 ; SUNSET LOUNGE Returns SunDAY 3/24... Tix... - Having trouble viewing this email? View as a web page RSVP Get Text Message Updates Visit ATLBarz;9:01 am;;SmarterTravel Deal Alert;10 Authentic Ways to Travel Like a Local - Plus: Worldwide Airfare Sale on Delta from $298 R/T | This Is Huge: 20% Off Intrepid Sale Starts This;7:45 am;;Monster;Saved search results - 3/2/2013 - Click here.. Saved Search Agent 10 New \"analyst , corporate bond, cmo trader executive\";2:44 am;;All-Star Weekend;BRUCIEB, More Info on 2014 Hotels ; Parties 4 ALL-STAR WEEKEND - Hey BRUCIEB, Listen quick note on the: NBA ALL-STAR WEEKEND FEB 14-16,2014 New Orleans, La WHERE TO;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::KCEBars presents A-List Saturdays @ RED Ultra Lounge = $150 Bottles + Free Birthdays! - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;CorePower Yoga;Wanderlust Festival Tickets on Sale Now - Wanderlust Festival has announced their summer festival lineup for 2013! CorePower Yoga is excited to;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Sol Kitchen Tournament 2013 Lisiting - We Got You! - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::T.I. hosts The Grand Finale this SAT, March 2nd @ Label in Charlotte - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Jagged Edge Up Close ; Personal this SAT, March 2nd @ Harlem Nights - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;Insider Wealth Alert;3 \"Warren Buffett\" stocks for 2013 - March 1, 2013 3 Buffett-Style Investments for 2013 After scouring the investment landscape for the;Mar 1;;Jon Carson, BarackObama..;Devastating - Bruce -- Today, because congressional Republicans refused to act, devastating budget cuts known as;Mar 1;;Drake, TI, Future, Yo Go.;::AG Ent. Brings you the CIAA Takeover w/ Drake, TI, Future, Yo Gotti, Fabolous, Juelz ... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Soul Siesta 2013...Attention Atlanta Area Residents: 35 Non-Stop Seats Available! - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;SmarterTravel Miami Fare.;Miami Flight Deals - While They Last from $176 RT! - View todays Miami, FL MIA fares online | Update my airport SmarterTravel Miami, FL Fare Alert;Mar 1;;Auction Management Corpo.;Absolute Bankruptcy Auction- 07 HONDA PILOT ; 2000 VOLVO S80- Tues. Mar 5th@10a - Auction Management Corporation Auction Management Corporation 1827 Powers Ferry Road Building 5;Mar 1;;Diamond Roots;Nationwide Urban Professional are whispering about Urban Hangover Part II 2013 - Email not displaying correctly? View it in your browser. www.diamondroots.com http://www.facebook.com;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::If You Get \"IN\" Trouble ; Want To Get \"OUT\", Call THE PATTERSON FIRM! - Useful Mobile... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;Mario ; Romeo;::AG Ent. Bring you customer appreciation night! RSVP ; GET IN FREE! - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Ladies Night Out TONIGHT Fri @ Cream Ultra Lounge - Hosted by Kisses Ent ; HD The M... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;Redbox;Save 50 cents - Online or at the box! - Get the latest box office hits today at Redbox! View: Web Movies Games Locations Use this promo code*;Mar 1;;ATL Young Professionals;::RSVP for The Saturday Night Party Especially For The High Society... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: RSVP for;Mar 1;;Southwest Click n Save;Summer Is On Sale! Flights Starting At $59* One-way. Book Now - Deals on flights, car rentals, hotels, cruises, vacation packages, and more! | View in web browser. |;Mar 1;;SmarterTravel Deal Alert;Best New Cruise Ships of 2013 - Plus: NEW: $51 O/W Spring Flights on JetBlue&mdash;Good Prices! | Best Time to Redeem Your Frequent-Flyer;Mar 1;;TonightAtlanta.com;::PISCES Sit In VIP FOR FREE Tonight @ Indigo Bar - \"Guestlist Fridays\" Happy Hour + Af... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Mar 1;;Monster;Saved search results - 3/1/2013 - Click here.. Saved Search Agent 10 New \"analyst , corporate bond, cmo trader executive\";Mar 1;;AirTran Airways Net Esca.;Summers on Sale! Flights from $59 one-way. Book Now. - Deals on flights for travel 3/13 - 9/27, hotels, car rentals, and more! | View Mobile-Friendly | View;Mar 1;;CIAA Alert;::If You Are Headed To Charlotte for CIAA, You Must Attend This Day Party On Saturday... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: We have;Mar 1;;TripAdvisor;Edinburgh spring getaways from &pound;60/night - Spring is almost here. Book your getaway now! TripAdvisor Find places to stay, eat and play on;Mar 1;;Asiamoney;Papua New Guinea mandates banks for bond; Bond investors to take on more CBs; New way n... - If you are viewing this on a Blackberry, please click here for the online version. Asiamoney Weekly;Feb 28;;AccountNotify@verizonwir.;Your Bill Is Now Available - Verizon Wireless Your current bill for your account ending in 1572-00001 is now available online in;Feb 28;;AirTran Airways A+ Rewar.;We&rsquo;ve Begun to Connect Our Two Route Networks! - Trouble viewing this e-mail? View in Browser My Account Reservations Check-In Dear Bruce, February;Feb 28;;Docstoc;Todays Hottest Biz VOIP Service + Exclusive Discounts ; Courses - Weekly Small Business Preferred Picks To ensure you continue to receive our e-mails please add;Feb 28;;Drake, TI, Future, Yo Go.;::AG Ent. Brings you the CIAA Takeover w/ Drake, TI, Future, Yo Gotti, Fabolous, Juelz ... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Feb 28;;Jimmy Jones;::The CIAA Day Party Experts present \"DayScape\" this SAT, March 2nd @ VBGB Adv Tix Mov... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: We have;Feb 28;;Ben;$300 Million Available for Commercial Real Estate Loans - SUMMIT FINANCIAL AND INVESTMENT GROUP REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT BANKERS NEW FUNDS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!;Feb 28;;TonightAtlanta.com;::T.I. hosts The Grand Finale this SAT, March 2nd @ Label in Charlotte - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Feb 28;;TonightAtlanta.com;::Addiction Thursdays TONIGHT @ ARIF LOUNGE - Hookahs, Music, Food, Sexy Women ; Profes... - :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ;Feb 28;;KAYAK;Find the best deal on the hotel you want. - Find the right room, right away, at the right price. You could save 25% or more on the same hotel;Feb 28;;OddsMaker News;Thursday night $10 NBA Free bet - If you cannot view email, click here. Call us at 1.877.633.7238 or e-mail us Thursday night NBA;Feb 28;;IEB CREATIVE;[IEB CREATIVE] New invoice 00001195 - To view your invoice from IEB CREATIVE for $2850.00, or to download a PDF copy for your records,;Feb 28;;Verizon Wireless;Your Past Due Verizon Wireless Account - Verizon Wireless Register for My Verizon Phones ; Devices Plans Accessories Entertainment ;;Feb 28;;TheJ3Group;The February Affair - Tonight at Fins Restaurant/Lounge ; more! - Special Ad: Tonight! - THURSDAY Feb. 28 The February Affair 7pm - 10pm Free All Night! Fins;Feb 28;&gt;&lt;Why this ad?Comcast&reg; - Official Site - www.Comcast.com - Save On TV, Phone ; Internet. Find XFINITY&reg; Offers For Your Local Area512;&gt;&lt;Why this ad?TD Ameritrade - TD Ameritrade Easy IRA - Rated &ldquo;Best Broker for your IRA&rdquo; by Kiplinger&rsquo;s. Open an account and get up to $600.1024; ::AG Ent. Brings you the CIAA Takeover w/ Drake, TI, Future, Yo Gotti, Fabolous, Juelz Santana ; Verse Simmonds @ Cameo;;;;;;Inbox;x;;;;;;;;;Drake, TI, Future, Yo Gotti, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Verse Simmons via mail89.us4.mcsv.net Mar 1 1 day ago;to me ;;;;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::EXCLUSIVE E-BLAST ;CORZO TEQUILAIn Association with AG ENTERTAINMENT Presents;; THE CIAA WEEKEND PARTY LINE-UP Drake::TI::Future::Yo GottiFabolous::Juelz Santana::Verse Simmonds; Thurs. February 28th-Sat. March 2nd Doors open 8pm until 5am Cameo Nightclub 3049 Scott Futrell Dr. Charlotte, NC 28208;; CALL 404.898.1702 FOR ALL INFO ; VIP INQUIRY FOR ADVANCED TICKETS CLICK ON FLYERS BELOW;;;CLICK BELOW FOR YOUR ADVANCED TICKETS WWW.CHARLOTTECITAKEOVER.COM;", "", "CALLING ALLPS3FIFA KINGS!This event will be a tense competition for those who call themselves the FIFA KINGS!A tournament will be held at the location stated, everything will be provided from drinks to food from the Television to the PS3 Pads. All that is needed of you is too turn up and have your game at its best.Everyone will pick their team and be assigned to that team for the whole tournament. they will then be set into a randomised group to qualify from and then the obvious stages will continue from there.RULESQualifications will be 5min matches each.Round of 16 will be 8min Matches each.Any match into the tense Quarter/ Semi/ Final will be 10mins each.TICKET PRICESSPECTATORS PS1 - This is the ticket to buy if you just want to attend and watch the games being played and you just want to catch a bit of banter aswell.PLAYERS PS5 - This is the ticket to buy if you want to compete. This gives you the privalege to all refreshments and a place in the tournament.EARLY BIRDS PS10 - These are limited tickets. This gives you the 1 of the limited tickets that allows you to play first instead of being randomised into when you play.HELPING HAND - This is for any donations one wants to give. Seeing as we are giving prize money away from the tickets sold we will have to cater for the refurbishments and expenses off our own back aswell, so a helping hand will come in handy.The winner will be crowned the FIFA KING! and will take home half of the money made from selling tickets. So the more promoting the more the prize pot will be.", "erfahren sie meinung und tips von experten und erfolgreiche unternehmer,damit sie ihre chancen erhohen kann bei verkauf im internet", "", "", "Save Orangutan Foundation is the largest primate rescue and rehabilitation organization in the world today. The Foundation has nearly 4,000 orangutans under its protection. That equates to 10% of the worlds remaining population. It employs over 500 people at its projects in Central ; East Kalimantan. Nearly all of its employees are Indonesian, empowering local people to be a force for change. Main Goal The main goal of our campaign is to spread awareness to the people around the world. We want to tell every one how drastically the population of the orang utans have dropped. We need to save this species from extinction. This is very serious and need our attention to protect their habitats and to stop illegal hunting. We want to attract people around the world and to support our campaign. We will keep our activities to save orang utans. All the the supportive actions that we have conducted are about to support the international organisation for saving the population of the orang utans. We are here also supporting the Orang Utan Foundation International. Those who are willing to donate or to participate in the activities, please contact them. We really want to save them and to protect them from extinction. Lets help Orangutans to survive ... Let Orangutans live in their habitats peacefully ... Let Orangutans grow their protected home ... How we respond: There are people and organisations who has started and doing their job well to save the orang utans. We have here the same idea and we could support each other. We need to communicate and make a better coordiatnation to achieve our main objective \"Save Orangutan Foundation\"", "", "Program OverviewThe Creativity Workshop in Dubai will help you become more creative in your personal and professional life; the creativity training we provide uses the tools of creative writing, memoir, art, photography, storytelling, mapmaking, and guided visualization.Participants come from many different countries and professional fields, including business, education, psychology, the sciences, and the arts.Many people who have taken the Workshop say that it was a transformative experience, helping them to write their books, start new companies, complete long overdue projects, transition to rewarding retirements, and change the way they look at life. Program DetailsThis Long Weekend Intensive Workshop meets for 4 days, 4 hours per day from 10 AM to 1:30 PM. You will have the rest of the time to sightsee.Class will take place in Dubais Marina district at Marina Byblos Hotel, just a 5-minute walk from Jumeirah Beach.;Why Dubai?This vibrant international city is a place of dynamic contrasts, where luxurious ultramodern malls, ancient marketplaces, pristine beaches, and vast deserts live side by side.Opportunities for inspiration and discovery abound, whether you use your free time to visit traditional local handcrafters in nearby Sharjah, have a moonlight picnic in the desert, hunt for bargains in the local antiques and gold markets, or go skiing on the worlds tallest indoor ski slope.The techniques we explore in this course will sharpen your appreciation of Dubai and its surroundings, and the sounds and sights of this fascinating city will surely feed your creative work in class. For those attendees who are from Dubai, our creativity exercises will help you look at the city and your surroundings in a whole new way.What Will You Learn?The Creativity Workshop is an experiential workshop of doing and experimenting. Our exercises and instructors&rsquo; talks focus on helping you:Learn practical techniques to stimulate your imagination and innovative thinking.Explore the process of creativity, rather than simply focusing on the product.Discover how to find inspiration in the world around you.Get over creative blocks and the fear of failure.Introduction to the hows and whys of TheCreativity Workshop.Relaxation: Exercises in relaxation techniques to help your imagination flow.Guided Visualization: Calling forth the vocabulary of your imagination using the myth of the heros journey as a framework.Automatic Drawing: Finding our hidden imagery.Show and Tell: Retrieving and sharing childhood memories to spark new ideas. This exercise will sharpen your storytelling skills.Instructors talk: How some famous writers, scientists, and artists found their inspiration, and how you can use some of their methods to find yours.", "", "", "", "", "A Stylish Birthday Party For Matured Individuals to come out and Dance;In a Plush Venue Located In The Heart Of Hackney.... PIECES BABY ....@ KIMOSAddress:184 Stoke Newington High StNorth LondonLondonN16 7JDTransport:Rail: Rectory Road Station /Stoke Newington Station Free Champagne WelcomeLAVISH MUSIC BY:############>DJ SELECTA BANGS>DEEJAYPUNCH> DJ KWENE> DJ BOBBYRNB // HIP HOP // DANCEHALL // FUNKY HOUSE // PARTY CLASSICS // OLD SKOOL // AFROBEATSENTRY:#####* &pound;5 BEFORE MIDNIGHT FOR LADIES  &pound;10 AFTER* &pound;10 BEFORE MIDNIGHT FOR GENTS  &pound;15 AFTERDRESS CODE:#########* Stylish ; Elegance  STRICTLY SHOES AND HEELS POLICY PRADAS ARE ACCEPTABLE, NO SPORTSWEAR /  NO HATS OR HOODS No Shabby Dressing* Security Is Tight But Polite", "", "Gramatik has always been an early adopter. It began at the age of 3, when his mother would catch him glued to the radio in his older sisters room, checking out the cassette tapes with American funk, jazz, soul and blues. He started making his first beats on an early PC by the time he was 13, and soon the kid from Portoroz, Slovenia figured out how to harvest the power of free file sharing to build a following throughout the US ; Europe. Tracks spread, hype grew, tours followed, and before long his digital persona forged the initial inroads into the US market, securing him both a label and an agency. Gramatik landed on US soil as a fully formed artist who knows how to do things his way. He signed to a label, Pretty Lights Music, that gives all of its music away for free, which went hand in hand with his own philosophy about freeing music by making music free.; Soon after, he scooped up his hometown crew and moved to Brooklyn, NY. And to ring in 2013 Gramatik has announced the launch of his own record label Lowtemp and offered his fans a first glimpse of the song with his video for \"Bluestep\". The cut combines the vibes of raw 50s and 60s blues with all kinds of EDM genres - the result is a signature Gramatik genre clash, also what he refers to as \"Bluestep\". Its a dynamic mixture of blues and dubstep, a plethora of screaming guitar, howling vocals and big bass, capturing the raw energies of both music worlds in a cohesive, yet outrageous picture.", "", "", "PHP 2013 is the premier event for PHP education and the best place to learn about the ever-growing ecosystem of PHP technologies and tools.; International industry experts, renowned thought leaders, and developers and IT managers from around the world will all converge;at ZendCon;to discuss PHP best practices and explore technological developments.; Join us in Santa Clara at the \"must attend\" event for the PHP Community!;&middot;; Alumni &ndash; available to previous ZendCon attendees. Early price: $100 discount on Conference Only registration - please use discount code ALUM13C. $150 discount on Conference/Tutorial registration &ndash; please use discount code ALUM13TC.;&middot;; Group Discount &ndash; Early price: $50 discount on Conference Only or Conference/Tutorial registration.; Please submit all registrations together and use discount code GRP13;&middot;;; Zend Certified Engineer ZCE &ndash; available to all Zend Certified Engineers subject to verification. Early price: $100 discount on Conference Only registration - please use discount code ZCE13C. . $150 discount on Conference/Tutorial registration &ndash; please use discount code ZCE13TC.;&middot;;; Student &ndash; available to full time students of accredited schools. Must submit copy of student ID to registration@zendcon.com.; Early price: $250 discount on Conference Only and Conference/Tutorial registration. Please use discount code STUD13.Attendees will be required to present a valid drivers license or passport upon check-in at the conference.;Cancellation Policy:Cancellations of conference registrations made prior to September 1, 2013 are subject to a;$200 cancellation fee. Cancellations made thereafter are nonrefundable. All cancellations must be made in writing to registration@zendcon.com. Substitutions may be made at any time by writing to;registration@zendcon.com. Confirmed registrants who do not attend the conference are liable for the entire fee. Cancellations of travel and hotel arrangements are the responsibility of the registrant. Zend reserves the right to refuse registrations. Due to insurance restrictions, no one under 18 will be admitted to the conference. All speakers, programs and descriptions are subject to change without notice.", ";Hello my dear friend, its talk-show host and motivational speaker, Myles W. Miller here. I have come to you today with some absolutely great news! Did you know that the life of your dreams is wonderful? How about this... Its not only wonderful, you DESERVE it!!! Thats right... THE LIFE OF YOUR DREAMS IS WONDERFUL AND YOU DESERVE IT!!!The issue that many good people are facing is that they just dont know how to put all of the pieces together to experience that \"wonderful\" life. I know that it can be very frustrating. It appears as if everything that you want is right at your finger tips, but you just cant seem to reel it in. In many cases, its as if you are glazing up at your desires. You want to pursue them, but there is this \"glass ceiling\" that keeps getting in your way. For some, the map of their destiny is out-dated and there are no sound directions in sight.Dont despair, dont lose hope! Listen to me very carefully: THE LIFE OF YOUR DREAMS IS WONDERFUL AND YOU DESERVE IT!!! My friend, an answer has come to solve your frustration, disappointment, and heartache! I present to you, the MANIFEST DESTINY CONFERENCE 2013!!! On Thursday, February 24, 2013, this is the place to be!The theme of this PHENOMENAL event is: \"YOUR TIME HAS COME... YOUR TIME IS NOW!!!\" I have teamed up with a DYNAMIC collection of great minds to help you create the life of your dreams. Together, we are going to show you how to MANIFEST YOUR DESTINY!!!;MEET THE EXPERTS:Eddie Connor &ndash; \"Purposed to Persevere\"Karen L. Donald &ndash; \"100% Woman\"Michael McCleary &ndash; \"Anything But Ordinary\"Shanari Williams &ndash; \"The Fearless Entrepreneur\"Myles W. Miller - \"Championship Living\";For More Details, go to: ;http://bit.ly/MDC-Detroit", "SPECIAL VIP PACKAGES WILL INCLUDE:TICKETS TO SPECIAL EVENTSSPONSORED BY:VIP ACCESS EVENTS, NBA EVENTS, CIROC, HENNESSY BLACK, BELEVEDERE VODKA, GREY GOOSE.***ONLY 1 PERSON IN YOUR PARTY SHOULD PURCHASE A PACKAGE******EACH GUEST IN YOUR PARTY WILL HAVE A TICKET TO EACH EVENT LISTED***IF YOU DECIDE TO CANCEL YOUR PARTY PACKAGE, WE CAN ONLY REFUND 25% OF THE AMOUNTSTARTER VIP PACKAGE:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD EVENTVIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 3 TO 5 GUESTS INCLUDES:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD @ THE AVALON FEB 18-TICKETS TO LEBRON JAMES ALL STAR WEEKEND CELEBRITY BASH FEB 17- TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTERHOURS PARTY FEB 19/20 12:00AM - 7:00AMULTRA VIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 4 TO 6 GUESTS INCLUDES:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-1 PREMIUM ALCOHOLIC BOTTLE BEVERAGE OF CHOICE-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD @ THE AVALON- TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTERHOURS PARTY FEB 19/20 12:00AM - 7:00AMTHE ULTIMATE ALL-STAR VIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 4 TO 8 GUESTS INCLUDES:THURSDAY ALL STAR CELEBRITY GUEST - TBANBA JAM SESSION TICKETS FOR FRIDAY FEB 18-2 PREMIUM ALCOHOLIC BOTTLE BEVERAGES OF CHOICE-VIP TICKETS TO ALL DIDDY EVENTS FEB 18 @ THE AVALON ; FEB 19 @ THE HIGHLANDS-VIP TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTER HOURS EVENT @ UNION STATION FEB 19/20-VIP TICKETS TO YOUNG JEEZY ALL STAR FINALE @ HIGHLANDS FEB 20***IF YOU PURCHASE THE INSTALLMENT PLAN, BE SURE TO PAY IN FULL BY FEB 7TH, 2011***ALL EVENTS ; FLYERS WILL BE ANNOUNCED ; INSERTED BEFORE JAN 10, 2011.FOR QUESTIONS EMAIL USAT VIPACCESSEVENT@GMAIL.COM", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Grand Slam Fridays: Video Vixen Monica Capeles Birthday Bash GRAND SLAM  @ Club AtriumThis Friday April 22ndVideo Vixen Monica Capeles Birthday BashHosted by Sean ; Mark SpotligtDRESS CODE: FULL SWAGGA NO HOODIES, TRACKSUITS, CAPS> Grand Slam is a fun party with a mixed crowd, where they only play feel good music", "", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "\" Dipped in Honey\" All Inclusive Male Revue*** WE AIM TO PLEASE*** Open Bar-Food-Entertainment Tickets:30.00 Everyone is a V.I.P. Venue: Pillow Talk Lounge Address:2159 High Point RD. Greensboro Nc 27403 Date: Sat. September 17,2011 Doors Open @ 8:30 Show Starts @ 9:00pm After party 12:00am-6:00a\"GET IT IN All Night\"Entertainment Line Up: Sixty-NineD.C.,XFactor,Afrodyziak,Un4gettable,The Artist,Ryde or Die,Young Renegade,Jasmine,xxxclusive,Baby Boy;moreSpecial Shout Outs: Happy Birthday Mary ; ArtistFor more Info or tickets: Contact Liz 919 827-3094 J 919523-6531 Afrodyziak336451-8158 Progress:336404-8948", "Kanines ; Kocktails Proudly Presents....HOWL-0-WEEN yappy hour ; costume partyJoin us on Tuesday October 25th for our fido-friendly Howl-O-Ween yappy hour and costume party, benefitting Best Friends Animal Rescue, with a portion of the proceeds benefitting Compassionate Pug Rescue. Your donation of $20 $15 online pre-pay includes complimentary beverage and lite bites for the humans with kibble and water all night for the doggies. Enter your canine companion into our costume contest and you could win one of our 3 prizes! We also have some wonderful adoptable pugs from Compassionate Pug Rescue who are looking for their forever family! You can also enjoy pho-dographer, our great silent auction, plus complimentary organic cookie for your pet whilst stocks last!! and Trick Or Treats station!Howl-0-Ween takes place at Vibe Las Olas, from 5:30pm thru 8:00pm.", "", "ATTENTION! NEW LOCATION FOR \"TANK\" IS BACK @ GRAND CAFE PEMBROKE PINES, FOR 1 NIGHT ONLY! NEW YEARS EVE BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION PERFORMANCE, GET YOUR ADVANCE TICKETS NOW! ONLY $25. HE IS INVITING OUT ALL HIS CELEBRITY FRIENDS! DO I HAVE TO REMIND YOU THE LAST TIME HE WAS HERE! WALL 2 WALL DONT WAIT TIL THE LAST MINUTE CALL 954.243.8046/786-800-4364 FOR TABLE ; BOTTLE RSVP!", "", "", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call Blitz is scheduled for 1, 4, 7, and 9:30pm. All times are EASTERN. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "It is a Dance company that is holding a dance marathon to raise money and stop hunger and Africa. I beg that if you all have hearts and a regard for human life that you donate to this great cause. All dancers welcome! Dance out your heart!!!!", "BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND TRAP OR DIE YOUNG JEEZY.. THIS EVENT PAGE IS FOR VIP AND BOTTLE SERVICE ONLY AND ENDS AT 4PM THE DAY OF THE CONCERT.. GENERAL ADMISSION PASSES CAN BE PURCHASED AT THE VENUE.. THIS IS GOING TO BE THE LIVEST PARTY IN FLORIDA YOUNG JEEZY SHUTTING THE CITY ALL THE WAY DOWN!!!!!!!!!! OTOWN GET READY...!!", "5k Colored Race: Every 1000k You run you will be doused in a different colored powder representing a different type of cancer. Pink-Breast cancer, Teal-Ovarian cancer etc.;;All proceeds go to the American Cancer Society;First 20 people to sign up will receive a T-shirt", "My birthday. Hi by all. Soon I shall have the birthday and I want to arrange a grandiose party. I want that my birthday was remembered much on long. I invite all wishing to join me this remarkable day. Who wants can offer of money for this purpose. I promise that will be very cheerful, the local musical group will act there will be a sea of alcohol and meal. And also party in foam. Do not miss it. I wait for you. The persons reached 21 year are supposed.", "", "Hypertec Entertainment has made it happen again AZONTO MADNESS. Azonto dancer, this is the best time for you to show your skills to thrill your friends and fans who are interested in watching you. This events also gives you the opportunity to win lots of gifts such as Iphone 5, Samsung Tv, Ipad and Mac Laptop.Share it out, Invite your friends, and Lets make it a night to remember!DANCE TO LIVELIVE TO DANCEVenue: Fanatsy Farm Event Center ; Banquet Hall", "", "", "", "", "", "", "Welcome to the &ldquo;Free Thought Trance Dance&rdquo; - a three day event, scheduled from February 8 to February 10, 2013. The event will be hosted by Solarsoul and Rush. The location is set for VFW 163 Union Street Lodi New Jersey. The three day event will feature trance music, house, progressive, and techno music. Bring your dancing shoes and tell your friends.", "", "Hello Lads!We all have heard the good news. Anthony is getting married too Tope, and for the stag do we planned the trip to Amsterdam.Some of the lads will be attending Amsterdam closer to the wedding but seeing as some wanted to do something else this was planned.it is a 2.5 Hour Motorsport Event - Quad Bike Racing ; Off Road KartingOnly PS75.00 per person for a group of 6 people and more.Quad Racing and Off Road Karting is a real blast, me and david went there last year with the ladies last year. Both events are highly competitive and require a completely different set of skills to be mastered especially if you want to win.The motorsport activities can both take place in the morning or afternoon, or either side of lunch. The event is wrapped up with a presentation where the fastest drivers receive medals for 1st, 2nd and 3rd and then there is the opportunity for photographs on the podium.", "", "La Vie En Rose will guarantee you an evening of fun, romantic and classy music with a versatile repertoire of Jazz, Blues, R;B, Pop and French Music.La Vie En Rose will be waiting for you at the Bua Bar from 8pm for an unforgettable moment.", ";When, Where ; WhatOne, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central Florida. Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles. Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz. Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.A massage therapist will be available after the rides for those who push too hard. For your safety bicycle helmets are required and please be courteous to all motorists and cyclists. We look forward to seeing you again or for your first time. Early registration is highly recommended as lodging may sell out.. Early Registration Deadline June 21st, event T-shirts will be guaranteed for riders registering by this deadline. No refunds after this deadline.", "We are planning to raise funds to help our daugher Tamia undergo a kidney transplant. All your kind donations will be highly appreciated.", "", "", "Sundancer Reservations Department7 25, 2013 from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM EDTPalm Coast, FL", "Summers coming to its end, but that doesnt mean the good times have to stop! Make the most of the warm rays and laid-back vibes,", "", "Up until roughly 100 years ago, the government played very little role in the economy. ;It was generally believed that the economy worked best when directed by the autonomous forces of supply and demand. ;During the 18th and 19th Centuries, a consensus emerged on how the Capitalist economy worked; and that classical economic theory has been the foundation of economic teaching ever since.;The economy no longer works the way it did during the 19th Century, however. ;Over the past 100 years the governments involvement in the economy has expanded so radically that the economic system itself has little left in common with Capitalism - at least, not at the Macro level. ;Yet Economics continues to be taught as if nothing has changed; and, for the most part, the public continues to believe that our economy is still driven by natural forces as it always was in the past. ;But that is very far from the truth. ;Today, the government manages - or directs - the economy using a variety of policy tools to ensure that Gross Domestic Product continues to expand. ;The implications of this fact are very far reaching. ;It is impossible to understand politics or economics in our era without grasping that the government is managing the economy. ;Moreover, it is particularly important that investors understand this new reality because government actions now impact the direction of asset prices far more than any other variable.This Course explains how the economy really works. ;", "", "VODKA AND SPIRIT ARE SERVEDCALL ME FOR MORE INFORMATIONHOT DJ FROM COLORIDA", "YOUR TOTAL ALL-INCLUSIVE PACKAGEVillage :;Sandpiper BayCheck-in date :;09/27/2013Length of Stay :;2 nightsCity of Departure :;no travel arrangementsNumber of Guests :;1 adult;;Sandpiper Bay;;U.S.A.;is;Available;COST OF YOUR TOTAL ALL-INCLUSIVE VACATION1FOR;1;ADULT$694.00Including the Book Now promotion;Discover the carefree all-inclusive vacation;by;Club MedWelcome, taxes and gratuities;;Accommodations in;Club Room Family Garden/Bay Side;;Breakfast, lunch, dinner and anytime snacks;;Choice of outstanding;gourmet restaurants;with a selection ofexquisite and lavish buffet spreads;;Unlimited premium drinks and snacks throughout the day;with a large selection of sodas, juices, cocktails and signature drinks;;A wide range of;sports and activities;;Casual or party night events;with live bands and night shows;;Membership Fees;*;;", "PARTY STARZ ENTERTAINMENT, INC. ;DIVERSE INTERNATIONAL GROUP, LLC Presents:Annual \"NO SLEEP SUPERBOWL CELEBRITY WEEKEND\"The Annual \"No Sleep Super Bowl Celebrity Weekend\" is the only event you'll ever need to attend if you want non-stop Super Bowl after-party action! With this 99-hour event, sleeping is NOT an option and with the wide variety of entertainment, who would want to? Take your pick from yacht parties, speed dating, talent competitions, and even lingerie parties! Best of all, only ONE pass is for access to ALL the events! Wherever the Super Bowl is, the \"No Sleep Super Bowl Celebrity Weekend\" will be there with multiple venues and late night themed rendezvous ensuring a weekend of never-ending entertainment and fun. From the lodging to after-hour parties, the \"No Sleep Super Bowl Celebrity Weekend\" will ensure all the tedious details of traveling are taken care of, so you can concentrate on what you really want do...party! With celebrities such as Young Jeezy, CTE, VH1sReal ; Chance, XXLs Bonsu Thompson, F.L.Y., Tasha Ford, Terrell Owens, Marshawn Lynch, Jerraud Powers, Jerome Felton, Patrick Chung, Akin Ayodele, LaMarr Woodley, Terrell Thomas, Michael Boley, Checiva Jackson, Duane Brown, Brandon Flowers, Clinton Portis, Adrian Peterson, Marion Barber, Benard Berrian, Bobby Wade, Bryant McKinnie, Stephen Tulloch and many more superstar athletes areexpected to be in attendance, the \"No Sleep Super Bowl Celebrity Weekend\" is a weekend unlike any other! WHERE: MIAMI, FL various venuesWHEN: FEB 4-7 SUPER BOWL WEEKEND The festivities begin at the Deauville Beach Resort is one of the Grande-Dame Hotels of Miami Beach, where legends were and still are being made. The Deauville, as it was then known, was the center of Miami Beach's glamorous 60s lifestyle and a local Landmark. Celebrities like Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. romped while John, Paul, George and Ringo made history. Our Grand Lobby and giant swimming pool harken back to the that special time. We are located on one of the most spectacular stretches of beach in the U.S., just minutes away from the bustling entertainment mecca known as South Beach SOBE. Deauville Beach Resort is poised to offer you a myriad of exciting options for the perfect vacation, business trip or special event.Deauville Beach Resort is a full-service hotel ideally situated in the heart of Miami Beach. The resort offers 700 ft. of sun-drenched, white sand beaches and sweeping Atlantic Ocean vistas. Expect a tradition of exceptional service and uncompromising hospitality in one of our 484 spacious guestrooms including 7 suites. All oceanfront rooms feature large terraces overlooking the ocean.Activities are plentiful at the resort; from a relaxing swim in our large outdoor pool or a calming dip in the heated jacuzzi to an energizing workout in the fitness center or a day of lounging at the ocean's edge, ending with an evening of sensational jazz at the Deauville Beach Resort Restaurant Lounge ; Jazz Club.Deauville Beach Resort in Miami Beach offers its guests a grand hotel experience in a personal and retro-modern atmosphere and is the perfect destination for special events - be it a business meeting, convention, a special getaway or a special celebration. The property boasts over 75,000 sq ft of event space that can cater up to 2,000 guests. WEEKEND EVENT SCHEDULEPlease Note: All venues are subject to change without notice* Please Note* All Rooms and Event tickets can be Purchased Seperately Thursday February 4, 2010Hotel Check InWhen: After 3pmWhere: DEAUVILLE BEACH RESORT6701 COLLINS AVE Miami Beach, FL 33141OrientationWhen: 6pmWhere:DEAUVILLE BEACH RESORT6701 COLLINS AVE Miami Beach, FL 33141Nightly Events: \"Hot Wheels\" The Ultimate Party Bus Extravaganza: Who needs a club? Experience the ultimate party experience while traveling around the city! The party begins as soon as the doors close and the bus hits the open road! Party bus transportation will be provided to all \"No Sleep\" event venues. Unlimited movies, music, games and prizes. Light Food ; Refreshments will be served. All you can drinktop shelf open bar!BUS INFO: \"The Fast ; Furious\" Speed Dating Experience speed dating like never before! Only ONE 1 MINUTE is given to socialize, mingle, and get acquainted with that special someone before you must switch and do it all over again! All-Night Drink Specials! \"Sin City\" Ultimate Exotic Dancer Competition Enjoy a sinfully pleasant exotic experience you'll never forget! The sexiest male ; female exotic entertainers in the business compete while performing scandalous, mouth-watering new moves that will keep you begging for more! All-Night Drink Specials!\"Hedonism\" Lingerie ; Intimate Evening Apparel Concert PartyThis isn't your typical pajama party! Leave your clubbing homes at home and experience a \"No Sleep\" weekend like never before with intimate lingerie and evening apparel. There are no boundaries and one 1 simple rule... if you want to bare it all - go right ahead! Live Performance by TBA. All-Night Drink Specials!Sleep is NOT an Option!All you can drink ; eat top shelf open bar!\"Young Jeezy Pt. 1: The Official All Star Super Bowl Celebrity Kick-OffParty\"The ultimate \"No Sleep Celebrity Super Bowl Weekend\" event! Hosted by Young Jeezy with performances by CTEartists, 99 Jamz plus many many more special invited celebrity guests going down atInk Nightclub-South Beach!Ladies... this is your opportunity to look your best and turn some heads. Get sexy and party to the best of Hip-Hop, R;B, Reggae, Classic Old School Music by DJQ ; DJ Surge. All-Night Drink Specials! For more information ; tickets go to: . \"Insomnia \"I\" The Official Party-After-The-Party \"Hot Shorts VS Mini Skirts\"Ladiesand Gentelmenthis is theparty after the partyanythingis \"possible\"your night to show off your best asset! Put on those short shorts, daisy dukes or mini-skirts and party all night long until breakfast. Experience \"No Sleep like never before! All you can drinktop shelf open bar!Friday February 5, 2010\"To Jet Ski or Not To Jet Ski\" Party Enjoy complimentary food ; refreshments while you hit the waves on a fabulous assortment of jet skis! Bring your bathing suits and swim trunks! Jet skiing is optional. All you can drink ; eat top shelf open bar\"Are You Game\" Afternoon Hang-Over PartyCome join us in our \"No Sleep\" weekend with a wide assortment of fun and games! These aren't the games you remember as a kid! Come and play Twister with a twist, R-rated musical chairs, or join in the ultimate Spades tournament! For those of you non-gamers simply enjoy the eye candy and dance up a storm with non-stop music and All-Night Drink Specials! \"The Dating Game\"It's just like beloved game of the past but with a twist! This is your opportunity to prove why you are a top competitor in the dating world! Hosted by TBA. All-Night Drink Specials! \"America's Next Drunken Idol\" A creative combination of American Idol ; So You Think You Can Dance. Sing, rap or dance your way to the top prize! Our mercy-less judges will pick the top competitor with the best talent. For those without talent- be warned! Our judges and audience have NO MERCY! May the most talented person win! Hosted by TBA. All you can drink top shelf open bar! \"Laugh Now Cry Later\" Comedy ShowcaseTake a break from all the dancing and enjoy a hilarious comedy showcase with one the funniest comedians in the business! Hosted by 99 JAMZ and includes All you can drink top shelf open bar!\"Young Jeezy Pt 2: The Official All Star Super Bowl Celebrity Party\" The premiere \"No Sleep Celebrity Super Bowl Weekend\" event! Hosted by Young Jeezy ; Fat Joe with performances by CTE ; Terror Squad artists, with special invited guests: Lil Wayne, Ludacris, Rick Ross, DJ Khaledand many more atNocturnalNightclub!Downtown Miamisfinest venue. This is a party you have to see to believe! This is your opportunity to look your best and turn some heads. Throw on your most appealing ; sexy black attire and party to the best of Hip-Hop, R;B, Reggae, Classic Old School ; more! Dress code isenforced! Music by DJ Q, DJ Nasty of 99 JAMZ ; DJ Headbussa of Tampas 94.1 \"The Beat\". All-Night Drink Specials! For more information ; tickets go to: . \"Insomnia II\" The Official Party-After-The-Party \"Hot Shorts VS Mini Skirts\"Ladiesand Gentelmenthis is theparty after the partyanythingis \"possible\"your night to show off your best asset! Put on those short shorts, daisy dukes or mini-skirts and party all night long until breakfast. Experience \"No Sleep like never before! All you can drinktop shelf open bar!Saturday February 6, 2010 \"NFL Showtime\" Outdoor Celebrity EventCome out and enjoy our indoor/outdoor celebrity flag football and/or basketball game. See some of your favorite celebrities strut their stuff on the field, sign jerseys, and give free giveaways. One item per autograph Refreshments and drinks will be served\"TheXXL Eye-Candy Model Search ; Celebrity Cocktail-Pool Party\"Calling all the sexiest ladies in South Florida! Put on your best swimsuit ; heels and join us poolside to mix, mingle and most of all compete for the chance to be the XXL \"Eye-Candy\" of the month! Female contestants may register online orthe day of event to in hopes towin aXXL \"Eye-Candy\"photo-shoot spread, plus 2-VIP tickets toThe Official Super Bowl Sunday After-Party at Ink Nightclub on South Beach at the Deauville Beach Resort 6701 Collins Ave, Miami Bch, FL 33139!Everyone else can come and shake what you got to best in Hip-Hop, R;B, Soca, Calypso and more by DJ Q and other guest DJs! Hosted by Bonsu Thompson of XXL Magazine,sexy Tasha Ford; Felisha Monet of99 JAMZ and recently added NFL players: Adrian Peterson, Terrell Owens, Marion Barber, Bernard Berrian, Bobby Wade, Clinton Portis, Bryant McKinnie, and Stephen Tulloch.For more information ; registration go to: . All you can drink top shelf bar!\"The Candy Shop\"The Official Eye-Candy Model Search ; Celebrity Cocktail-Pool Party After-Party will be the sexiest event in Miami PERIOD!Hosted by Bonsu Thompson, celebrity model Tasha Ford,VH1s Real ; Chance. Special invited guests: F.L.Y. and many many more celebrity appearances ; guest performances. DJ Slym ; DJ Q will be on the 1 ; 2s! All is going downin the Grand Ballroom of the Deauville Beach Resort 6701 Collins Ave, Miami Beach, FL 33139!Weve got he best admission, door prizes, drink ; bottle specials on the beach all night long! This event is sponsored by: Bacardi ; Hennesey Black. For more information, tickets ; table reservations go to: www.eyecandymodelsearchcocktailparty.com. All you can drinktop shelf open bar! Sunday, February 7, 2010\"Super Bowl Grand Finale Watch Party\"Watch the game that made this weekend possible! Enjoy the Super Bowl at the official Super Bowl Watch party live at Ink Nightclub inSouth Beachand enjoy our food ; drink specials! For more information: \"The Official 99 Hour No Sleep Super Bowl Weekend Grand Finale\"No matter who wins or loses, this post-game party cannot be missed! Enjoy the drink specials and all night music!The ultimate \"99 Hour No Sleep\"Super Bowl Grand Finale! Hosted by99 Jamz with special appearances by: Fast Life Youngstaz. Special invited guests:Billy Blue, Brisco, Dorrough and with performances byvarious artists and many many more atInkNightclub...South Beach Miamisfinest venue! This is a party you have to see to believe!This is everyones last chance to make that impression, sodont half-step, bring your \"A\" game andparty with the all the hottest artists, celebrities, models and superstar athletes that are guaranteed to be in the building!DJ Q ; DJ Slym will be keeping the party jumping until the sun comes up with the hottest Hip-Hop, R;B, Reggae, Old School and more. Dress code isenforced, but its not what you wear but how you wear it!All-Night Drink Specials! For more tickets ; table reservations go to: www.99hournosleepsuperbowlgrandfinale..com. PRICES \"No Sleep Super Bowl Celebrity Weekend\" Package InformationPrices are per person and subject to change. Taxes and Fees not included. Three night minimum required. Package rates are all-inclusive. Prices are per person and subject to change. Taxes and Fees not included. Three night minimum required.Thursday, February 4, 2010 *Early Bird Check-In*Single Occupancy $400Double Occupancy $300Triple Occupancy $290Quad Occupancy $270\"All packages includes Breakfast, Lunch, And Dinner 3 three meals a day plus open bar and transportation to and from the \"No Sleep\" events. And VIP ADMISSION TO ALL club events/parties\" Airport Shuttle available to and from hotel, must call hotel to notify.* Please Note* All Rooms and Event tickets can be Purchased SeperatelyFebruary 5-7. 2010PRICE- PER- NIGHT 3 NIGHT TOTAL Single Occupancy $570$1710Double Occupancy $400$1200Triple Occupancy $390$1170Quad Occupancy $370$1110\"All packages includes Breakfast, Lunch, And Dinner 3 three meals a day plus open bar and transportation to and from the \"No Sleep\" events. And VIP ADMISSION TO ALL club events/parties\" Airport Shuttle available to and from hotel, must call hotel to notify.* Please Note* All Rooms and Event tickets can be Purchased SeperatelyFOR MORE INFO: 305-742-4880, 305-810-9347 or 99hrnosleepweekend@gmail.comFOR YOUR TRAVEL: www.flyeatsleep.com", "", "Live training Accelerator Day\"The 'Career Management' day of The Corporate and Executive Coaching Programme is full of useful exercises for yourself and your clients. It also gives fantastic insight into a number of challenging theories and concepts. For me, it's a really interesting part of the diploma,\" says Kris Robertson, who is responsible for mentoring The Coaching Academy's student coaches.Coaching individuals around the issue of how best to manage their careers is an increasingly popular route to follow for qualified coaches. The skills developed on this course will serve you well - both in your own life and career, and in those of the clients you support. Could using the skills developed here to help your clients in something as important as their working lives be an enormously rewarding future path for you?First steps on the road of successful career management coaching can include a SWOT analysis and a career belief audit to establish the existing context. As the coaching relationship develops you will be assisting your client in developing career goals, thinking through career tactics and designing career paths.A key way-marker on the road to successful career management is to define the major sources of motivation for the client. We gain and maintain our motivation in numerous different ways, and our performance level can be intimately linked with the way in which our job role motivates us. All of these issues are examined in depth during this Accelerator Day.Your tutor will lead you in developing coaching strategies for increasing self-awareness and self-image in the work context - significant issues for many asking for careers coaching. Finally, you will examine the role of organisational values, and how a match between an individual's personal values and those of his employing organisation can be essential to his happiness within that role.Module - Career Management in the Corporate EnvironmentThe context of career management Career belief audit SWOT analysis Designing careers Setting career goals Career tactics Managing influential relationships Sources of motivation Maintaining motivation Managing performance Challenge and support Coaching strategies for increasing self image Coaching strategies to develop self-awareness Organisational value systems Personal values versus company values", "Assist Flood vicitims", "Visit sos child place at nha trang- Ve open gianh co tat ca moi nguoi - Tuy long hao tamLien he : 19800194", "", "Chrismas PromotionBook a dinner for 10 to 15 people for only $199.99 Large Small Chicken Kebab / Tavuk Kebab ............................$11.95 $7.35 Chunks of chicken breast marinated in Sahara homemade sauce and char grilledSahara Chicken Adana....................................$12.50 $7.35Chopped chicken flavored with fresh red bell peppers, gently spiced with paprikaGrilled Bone Chicken....................................$11.95 Marinated chicken thighs grilled to perfectionChicken Gyro / Tavuk Doner .............................$11.95 $7.35Layers of marinated chicken breast is wrapped around a large vertical spit,grilled in front of an ingenious tier of charcoal firesChicken Chops...........................................$12.95Marinated chicken thighs, grilled to perfectionChicken Cheese Kebab / Kasarli Kebab....................$13.95 $8.75Ground chicken blended with kasar cheese, red bell peppers gently spicedwith paprika and char grilled on skewersDesert Chicken Kebab....................................$11.95 $7.35Tiny cubes of tender chicken char grilled on skewersChicken Mixed Grilled...................................$15.50A chicken fiesta of - Sahara chicken adana, chicken kebab and Chickenchops grilled to taste", "Kindly join us as we blaze the Appalachian trail. Here you will learn about our rich history. This is a once in a life time event.", "Hi all. I have decided to lead game in a pocker. I invite all who wants to play. The minimal payment 200 $. The winner takes away all. I hope that I can collect enough players. I understand that it is possible to play through the Internet, but game in alive much better. So I wait for all of you this Friday. Successful game.", "", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call Blitz is scheduled for 1, 4, 7, and 9:30pm. All times are EASTERN. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Hello. I the chess player and I have decided to spend chess tournament. It will be not usual tournament, and tournament on money. The payment will make 190 $. That who will borrow the first place takes away 60 % from a total sum, that who borrows 2 places takes away 30 %, 3 places 10 %. I hope what to respond many wishing to try myself. I think that will be as much wishing to see at it, I wait for all. Will win strong", "", "Olympic Opening Ceremony is the highlight of the Olympic Games. Opening Ceremony originated from Ancient Games in Greece and has evolvedover centuries. Opening Ceremony announces the start of Olympics to the world, declared by State of the Host Country.Olympic Opening Ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics will occur at Londons Olympic Stadium on 27 July 2012. Olympic Opening Ceremony Tickets are available at Sport Ticket Exchange. Sport Ticket Exchange is a good source for Olympic Tickets. Olympic fans get your Opening Ceremony Tickets from Sport Ticket Exchange for the artistic ceremony.", "Our ApproachILIs foreign language courses are tailored to suit the students specific needs and goals. We offer beginning, intermediate, and advanced class in each language.Our ClassesOur courses may be taken as a private tutorial, semi-private tutorial, special group course, or as group class at ILI. Because of our approach, students in our semi-private tutorial or special group course must have the same objectives in mind. For example, a group would consist og employees of a same company, embassy, or professional, or professional organization.LocationWhile most instruction takes place at the institute, it is recognized that circumstances may not permit some students within the Pennsylvania area to attennd classes at our facilities.Cost:$75 per 3 hour", "2012 Bio-International Convention Pre-Banquet;&ldquo;Attendees can expect to hear from a distinguished group of speakers from the Food and Drug Administration FDA, as well as major biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies,&rdquo; said BIO CEO and President Jim Greenwood. &ldquo;Sessions will address the steps involved in research and development of healthcare products and how to successfully bring these products to market, all while maintaining rigorous standards for safety, effectiveness, and compliance.&rdquo;;Lakeridge Winery ; VineyardsClermont, Florida 34715Admission includes 4 course meal, a exclusive selection of wines open Bar some great seakers and more..Make plans now to attend!!!", "", "EBONY PROMOTIONPRESENTSKEMM DJ-BAZZY DJ-JAM JAM DJ-WEST DJ-CHIDZYFORTHEOLYMPIC OPENINGNIGHTSPECIAL EDITIONATTHE BAR, NELSON SQUARE, BOLTON BL11JTDATE: FRIDAY 27th JULY 2012TIME: 9.00PM", "", "BioJustin Bieber is the first artist ever to have seven songs from his debut album chart on the Billboard Top 100. He had both Usher and Justin Timberlake clamoring to sign him, and after signing with Usher&rsquo;s label, now counts the superstar as a close friend. He has performed for U.S President Obama and worked with Ludacris, Kanye West and Miley Cyrus amongst others. Oh, and he&rsquo;s only 18 years old. Right here at Eventful is where you can keep track of all the latest concerning the Justin Bieber tour 2012, as well as all future Justin Bieber tour dates and concerts.;Justin Biebers story is nothing short of amazing--especially when you consider that he really only started singing five years ago. In 2007, merely a couple of years before tickets for Justin Bieber tour dates became worth their weight in gold, the boy star entered a local talent content in his native Ontario, Canada. Competing against peers who, unlike himself, were vocally trained and preened for the stage, Justin Bieber beat the odds, showcasing a natural talent which was impressive enough to win him second place overall.;Wanting to share his success with friends and family, Justin Bieber posted videos from the competition on YouTube. Encouraged by the enthusiasm of those in his inner circles, he followed up with videos of him singing covers of well-known songs by the likes of Stevie Wonder, Ne-Yo and Usher. In 2008, he was officially signed to Island Records and just four years later, Justin Bieber tour dates are amongst the most anticipated events on the pop music calendar.;His fan base reaches to all four corners of the globe, and the demand for Justin Bieber tour dates is an international one. However, he has youth on his side, which might explain why in his &lsquo;spare time&rsquo;, when he isn&rsquo;t busy touring, the young heartthrob chooses not to take it easy. Rather, he likes to explore performance of another variety. In 2010, Justin Bieber guest-starred in the season premiere of \"CSI: Crime Scene Investigation\".;In an effort to share Justin&rsquo;s inspiring message with people the world over, My World Tour will be taking the young megastar everywhere from London to North Carolina. Make sure you don&rsquo;t miss out by making Eventful YOUR source for all the latest news and up-to-date information on tour dates through 2012 and beyond.", "", "come and have fun enjoy at hailees show..", "Helicopter tour of Niagara falls", ";It is a Classy Holiday, Charity, and Birthday Extravaganza; 3 in 1 event with a live fashion show and local san francisco Band, We Will Be Lions opening for the show.;Strict Dress Code in forced at the door. Black and White tie affair.Color theme is Red, Gold, and Silver.There will be a gold carpet outside, Red bull will be sponsoring.Pictures are optional for our guests who would like them.$20 dollar cover at the door, 50% of the proceeds go towards a Charity that we chose called Project Night Night to help out children who dont have homes and especially during the holidays we would like to boost there spirits and bring some joy into there lives this season!http://www.projectnightnight.org/We hope you all can make it and help the cause and enjoy a great night of fun. Look forward to seeing you there!", "Malay Langauage", "Join us for a commemoration of life;\"A STAND AGAINST PROSTATE\";as we kick off the Super Bowl XLVII Weekwith celebrity host;Jamie Foxx and Chris Brown.Thursday 01/30/2013 8:00 pm;contact taylor sanchez to rsvp table and bottle service\"ANGEL AND DIVAS MARKETING\";;", "orgypartykensington", "Meet the freshest and funniest new comedian of today flourish into the the future of stand up, drinks and much fun available limited spaces though", "disny ticket", "Welcome Everyone Once Again! In this session we hope to discuss in depth and finishing off \"Rich Dad, Poor Dad\", ;egin discussing what book we want to read next!;Please bring any notes with you, and your thinking caps!Look forward to seeing all of your faces!RegardsThank you!*Due to an increase in demand, we have had to eliminate the standrad &pound;1 ticket, and increase the price of the tickets. Sorry for any inconvenience.*;*Advanced Ticket Still Includes Minutes\"", "", "", "", "", ";Waktu : Kamis 25 June 2013Tempat : Jalan Dr Cipto 31-33 Semarang, Indonesia.Deskripsi : &ldquo;River Scapes In Flux&rdquo; adalah pameran seni rupa internasional mengenai lingkungan hidup;dan kebudayaan bentang sungai di Asia Tenggara. The art project &ldquo;Riverscapes IN FLUX&rdquo;, conceptualized and initiated by the Goethe-Institut Vietnam, seeks to create a discourse on this ecological key issue in a new context. The Goethe-Institut invited young artists from Vietnam, Thailand, Cambodia, Myanmar, Indonesia and the Philippines to reflect the ecological as well as socio-economic and cultural changes that the riverscapes in these countries are currently experiencing in their work. 17 art works have been created: Multimedia installations and photo series, videos and object installations. The exhibition &ldquo;Riverscapes IN FLUX&rdquo; has been shown in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh Vietnam, Bangkok Thailand, Phnom Penh Cambodia and Manila The Philippines. For Indonesia, the Goethe-Institut has chosen Langgeng Art Foundation, Yogyakarta as exhibition venue. As in the previous setups, this exhibition will be completed by a range of cultural and educational activities, such as film screenings, guided tours through the exhibition with the curator, as well as discussions with the artists involved and environmental experts.Agenda Acara : &gt;&gt; Opening: Wednesday, 25th June 2013 07.00 &ndash; 11.00 &gt;&gt; Presentation by Tisna Sanjaya, 25 Juni 2013 11.00 &ndash; 13.00 Discussion with Curator, Artist Talk and Presentation Speaker : Ade Darmawan Indonesia and Tran Luong VietnamCurator : Ade Darmawan Indonesia, Tran Luong Vietnam, Apisak Sonjod Thailand, Erin Gleeson Cambodia, Iola Lenzi Myanmar, Claro JR. Ramirez The Philippines;Contact : River Scapes In Flux facebook.com/riverscapes.influx Goethe Institut blog.goethe.de/riverscapes/ Langgeng Art Foundation www.langgengfoundation.org// // // //", "If youd like to learn how to develop applications for iOS iPhone and iPad but havent programmed much, the task may seem daunting. iOS programming is based on the Objective C programming language-- and C programming is a prerequisite. Our C programming course will teach you how to program in C. Programming with C is the perfect place to start if you want to create programs for iPhone, iPad or Mac. Learning C is also great to learn if you have never programmed before and want to understand the basics.C is the basis of many languages used today. C++, Objective C, PHP, Java and even Microsofts .net languages have their roots in the C programming language. While C has been around since the 70s its still used today in applications where speed is critical-- Financial applications, video games and complex engineering simulations are all written in C.In this course master trainer Mark Lassoff will teach you the important concepts you need to learn how to program in C. After completing this course you will be ready to write and adjust C applications. You will also be fully prepared to tackle Objective-C-- the language of iOS the iPad and iPhone.There is no programming experience required for this course. So take a tour around this ultimate C programming tutorial.Already know C programming? Check out Objective C for Beginners and start coding iPhone and iPad apps today!", "", "Festival National des Arts Populaires 2013;;;La Fondation des Festivals de Marrakech, vous donne rendez-vous avec la;48&eacute;me &eacute;dition du FNAP;du 17 au 21 Juillet 2013. FESTIVAL NATIONAL DES ARTS POPULAIRES Le FNAP est aujourd&rsquo;hui le plus ancien festival du Maroc. Organis&eacute; chaque ann&eacute;e &agrave; Marrakech, il met &agrave; l&rsquo;honneur les arts populaires du royaume &agrave; travers ses musiques, ses m&eacute;tiers d&rsquo;art et ses produits du terroir.;;Le programme donnera &agrave; l&rsquo;espace du palais Badii sa pulsion et sa grandeur de jadis en assurant un rajeunissement de;&hellip;Lire la suite", "Festival National des Arts Populaires 2013;;;;;;;;;;La Fondation des Festivals de;Marrakech, vous donnerendez-vous avec la;48&eacute;me &eacute;dition du FNAP;du 17 au 21 Juillet 2013. FESTIVAL NATIONAL DES ARTS POPULAIRES Le FNAP est aujourd&rsquo;hui le plus ancien festival du Maroc. Organis&eacute; chaque ann&eacute;e &agrave; Marrakech, il met &agrave; l&rsquo;honneur les arts populaires du royaume &agrave; travers ses musiques, ses m&eacute;tiers d&rsquo;art et ses produits du terroir.;;Le programme donnera &agrave; l&rsquo;espace du palais Badii sa pulsion et sa grandeur de jadis en assurant un rajeunissement de la rel&egrave;ve des Ma&acirc;lems et de leurs troupes, moment incontournable de rencontre des arts avec la population de Marrakech et ses visiteurs.;PROGRAMME;Au Palais Badii:Du 17 au 21 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00;ouverture des portes 21h30, fermeture des portes 22h30Aabidat RMa, Ahidous Ain Orma, Ajouach Imntanout, Aissawa, Ahouach Ouarzazate, Ahouach Tissint Dekka, Gnaoua, Guedra, Haiti, Houara, Mangouchi, Ouled Hmed Oumoussa, Rokba de Zagora, Taskiouine, Tazouite Kelaat MGouna, Ahouach Tafraout, Aglagal de Taliouine, Akellal Sif, Ahouach Ouad Tamanar, Ahidouss Boudar de Bouarfa;Au Th&eacute;&acirc;tre Royal:Du 18 au 21 Juillet 2013 &agrave; 22h00;ouverture des portes 21h30, fermeture des portes 22h30Jeudi 18 Juillet:;A&iuml;ta Jeblia, Chama Zaz, Flamenco Estefania Cuevas Espagne, Hamid SerghiniVendredi 19 Juillet:;Mimoun Rafrouaa, The Gwangdae Cor&eacute;e du Sud, Rayssa Fatima TachtouktSamedi 20 Juillet:;Tarab Hassani, Inouraz, Ma&acirc;lem Abdeslam, AlikaneDimanche 21 Juillet:;Malhoun Marrakech, Orchestre National de Barb&egrave;s France, Hamdallh Rouicha;Introduit pour la premi&egrave;re fois lors de la 46&eacute;me &eacute;dition, le concept du village du festival s&rsquo;est largement d&eacute;velopp&eacute; et enrichi cette ann&eacute;e. Le village sera investi d&rsquo;une programmation telle que la cit&eacute; soit anim&eacute;e pendant les 5 jours du festival en acc&egrave;s gratuit avec 2 sc&egrave;nes, des ateliers musicaux, des expositions de l&rsquo;artisanat , des produits de terroirs, des conf&eacute;rences et de nombreuses surprises, s&rsquo;inscrivant pleinement dans une vision de promotion et de transmission des arts populaires et des traditions aupr&egrave;s du public familial en cr&eacute;ant une proximit&eacute; avec le spectateur.;Une sc&egrave;ne de proximit&eacute; qui sera d&eacute;di&eacute;e aux nuits du Ramadan va &ecirc;tre introduite pendant cette &eacute;dition, ainsi que des tentes de projections de films consacr&eacute;s au patrimoine marocain, pour le transmettre aux jeunes.;Rappelant que le FNAP a r&eacute;cemment fait son entr&eacute;e au Forum europ&eacute;en des festivals de musique du monde. Fond&eacute; en 1991, ce r&eacute;seau est le plus important d&eacute;di&eacute; aux musiques du monde. Il poss&egrave;de des festivals dans une vingtaine de pays et attire chaque plus de trois millions de visiteurs.;;;;;Lire moins", "stripparty", "Hello and welcome to Golden Restaurant &gt; PartyRemeber this tickets are only for better options on Golden Party.Welcome again .;;", "sdgjsdgsdgds sdg sdg", "Chapter 1:Global presentation of operating an electronic fuel injection system . Exhibition of three different blocks that form their system and their interaction. Fuel System : System Overview incorporated components pump, filter, regulator , ramp injectors , injectors  . Differences between single-point and multipoint systems , work methods , different pressures. Injectors, schematic presentation , principle of operation , verification. Troubleshooting or confirm the printer operation using fuel pressure gauge .Chapter 2:Introduction to Electricity . Notions of voltage , current and resistance , Ohms Law. Types of wave patterns , amplitude and frequency , diagnostic use electronic injection components . Magnetism and polarity , coils , operating principle. Symbology electronic submission. Resistors , color coding to read resistor values . Capacitors , its various functions in the car, measuring unit . Diodes , presentation, principle of operation , explanation of a diode bridge rectifier Introduction to Using multimeter, measure resistance, voltage and current in an electrical circuit.Chapter 3:Presentation of strategies work of a fuel injection system . Sensors , electronic control unit , actuator, water temperature sensor , different types , electrical symbols , measurement, NTC sensors , PTC sensors , different graphic response to changes in temperature. Air temperature sensor , different types , electrical symbols , measurement, NTC sensors , PTC sensors , different graphic response to changes in temperature. MAP Sensor , explanation of its working principle , proper methods to measure MAF functionality , explanation of its working principle , methods to measure correct functionality , common failures of these components.", "Imaginez 430 exposants venus de toute la France pour d&eacute;voiler de simples bibelots aux pi&egrave;ces les plus rares pendant 5 jours, cest la fameuse;Foire Internationale aux Antiquit&eacute;s de Barjac, dans leGard. Ce village de 1401 habitants re&ccedil;oit des centaines de visiteurs passionn&eacute;s de;brocantetous les ans pour le;week-end de P&acirc;ques;et du;15 ao&ucirc;t. La;foire aux antiquit&eacute;s et &agrave; la brocante de Barjac;rassemble aussi bien des collectionneurs aguerris que des simples curieux, tous venus pour la m&ecirc;me chose : trouver des bonnes affaires !Le d&eacute;cor de;Barjac;se pr&ecirc;te harmonieusement &agrave; cette grande;brocante. R&eacute;put&eacute;e pour son &eacute;l&eacute;gance,;Barjac;est une cit&eacute; Renaissance situ&eacute;e entre les;gorges de lArd&egrave;che;et de;la C&egrave;ze. Deux fois par an, le village troque son ambiance tranquille contre une effervescence qui contamine la population enti&egrave;re !La;foire de Barjac;demeure le rendez-vous le plus incontournable du calendrier des;brocantes. Il fait &eacute;trangement &eacute;cho aux foires m&eacute;di&eacute;vales qui donnaient vie au village. C&eacute;tait encore le temps o&ugrave; le ch&acirc;teau repr&eacute;sentait la puissance de;Barjac.D&egrave;s larriv&eacute;e &agrave;;Barjac, on est agr&eacute;ablement surpris par son c&ocirc;t&eacute; pittoresque. Le village propose &eacute;galement de nombreuses activit&eacute;s qui tournent autour de son patrimoine comme les visites guid&eacute;es des sites historiques : les grottes, les Dolmens, la s&eacute;pulture m&eacute;galithique...Cest certain, votre s&eacute;jour dans une;location de vacances &agrave; Barjac;vous fera renouer avec les grands espaces. Vous pourrez vous lancer dans de belles balades sur les;sentiers de randonn&eacute;equi m&egrave;nent vers la;Vall&eacute;e de la C&egrave;ze, la;r&eacute;serve naturelle de lArd&egrave;che;ou encore le;Parc National des C&eacute;vennes. Si vous venez &agrave; la;brocante de Barjac;en ao&ucirc;t, noubliez pas de vous garder un moment pour vous rafra&icirc;chir &agrave;;Vallon-Pont dArc, un endroit r&ecirc;ver pour la baignade.", "", "visichatsolution", "360 Media Entertainment in association with CLUB ONYX is proud to present the highly anticipated return of the most exciting adult entertainment competition&ldquo;PULL-A-STRING&rdquo; 2013/2014 tour.OCTOBER 8TH 2013PHILADELPHIAHOSTED BYJOSELINE ; STEVIE JofLOVE ; HIP HOPPURCHASE TICKETS NOW!!!!", "", "Second SightDirector: Alison McAlpine, 2007, Scotland/Canada, 52minsSpecial PreviewEighty-year-old Donald Angus MacLean may be the last generation ofScottish Gaelic storytellers, continuing a tradition that dates backmany centuries. MacLean invites us to meet some of the locals onScotland&#39;s stunning Isle of Skye. All have a story to tell of contactwith the other side... A celebration of stories and storytellers and apersonal reflection on mystery and mortality, containing everythingfrom spectral vehicles to the famed &ldquo;second sight&rdquo; of the locals.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.", "", "The first promod 2.04 LAN tournament for HALO 3 will take place at The La Crosse Center located in La Crosse, WI on Monday 25.01.2011!Its going to be mainly an event with purpose to gather the Wisconsin HALO 3 community in order to actually meet everyone you chat via xfire or play with/against on daily basis.Important Note #1 - Event will start in the morning, 10AM.Important Note #2 - Event will be 5vs5 compImportant Note #3 - Entry fee per person: $15 $75 per teamImportant Note #4 - 10-15 teams maximumImportant Note #5 - 2 groups will be formed, knock-out matches after the group stages. All teams will play minimum of 4 matches. There will be Losers brackets as well.Important Note #6 - PUBLICITY: There will be professional live broadcasts with commentary at the event. For now it is known that Keits ; Okame will be 2 of the main commentators. We will also be running professional level live feeds on Ustream.tv Games section.Important Note #7 - COST: See registration details above for tournament entry costs. Wristbands will be given to all tournament contestants.Important Note #8 - PAYOUTS: Top finishers in a tournament will split the pot like so: 70%/20%/10% 100% payout from tournament entrance fe. or example, if 100 people enter a tournament, the total prize pool for that tournament will be $1000 $100 x $10, paying out $700 to first place 70% of $1000, $200 to second place 20% of $1000, and $100 to third place 10% of $1000. More info on prizes.Important Note #9 - BRACKETS: This will be a double elimination style event for all games. We will also try to keep players from the same state/ area from playing one another early in the tournament. If we do not fill up a bracket for some reason, BYEs will be given at random.Important Note #10 - SIGN UP: Sign up for as many tournaments as youd like! The more the merrier.Important Note #11 - V.I.P: There will be a special lounge area for V.I.P members only. Free food, beverages comfortable seating and gaming setups will be included in this area. The nations top players will be awarded V.I.P access at the event and will be playing in this area throughout the day and into the night. Players and spectators may upgrade their pass to V.I.P for a $25 additional fee per day.Important Note #12 - SETUPS: If you would like to bring your own setup BYOS, meaning t.v. and gaming system, there will be a small section with tables, chairs and T.V.s that you may use. You may also want to host side", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Give oportunities to everybody to have free internet.Donner la chance a tous le monde davoir internet gratuitement dans les pays en voie de developpement", "", "", "", "", "", "CLUB POLICY: WE RUN A STRICTLY SMART DRESSCODE.NO TRACKSUITS OR CAPS ID: STRICTLY 18+", "", "", "\"THEY LOVING THE CREW\" VALENTINES EDITION @ The Shrine Hosted By TPCs Own Sir Michael Rocks,Tris J, Dave CSOUNDS BY REMIX ROY10pm-2am|| EARLY ARRIVAL STRONGLY\" SUGGESTED!!!|| EARLY ARRIVAL \"STRONGLY\" SUGGESTED!!!|| EARLY ARRIVAL \"STRONGLY \" SUGGESTED!!!****LADIES FREE BEFORE 11:00PM IF RSVP HERE ----- TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM&gt;&gt;&gt;*********LADIES FREE BEFORE 11:00PM IF RSVP HERE ----- TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM&gt;&gt;&gt;*********LADIES FREE BEFORE 11:00PM IF RSVP HERE ----- TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM &gt;&gt;&gt; *********LADIES FREE BEFORE 11:00PM IF RSVP HERE ----- TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM&gt;&gt;&gt;*****&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Ladies Free before 11pm with rsvp from link TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;FREE BIRTHDAY PACKAGES AVAILABLE CONTACT TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COMBirthday Parties- Bday person + 1 free ALL NIGHT!!!!!Birthday Parties- Bday person + 1 free ALL NIGHT!!!!!Birthday Parties- Bday person + 1 free ALL NIGHT!!!!!Everything you see below would be included in your FREE BIRTHDAY PARTY PACKAGE 100% FREE B-DAY PARTY- Free Club Entry for your Guests and discounted after 11:00pm w/rsvp- BIRTHDAY S/O FROM THE DJ THROUGH OUT THE NIGHT- NO Line No waitingWe serve as opportunity contributors to a positive and upscale nightlife in Chicago! Come Experience what everyone seems to be talking about!!!!For more information CONTACT TPCPROMOTIONS@GMAIL.COM TWITTER @ToothPickClique@Dave_C_@SirMichaelRocks@The_Tris_Man@RemixRoyWe reserve the right to deny entry to ANY patron not adhering to our business and personal qualities especially in regards to dress code.VERY SEXY/FLY DRESS CODE!EVERYONE MUST COME APPROPRIATE ATTIRE!HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!!", "toronto maple leave v edmonton oiler", "PRESALE VIP SECTIONS AVALIABLE 6 PASSES ; 4 BOTTLES FOR $55OO.OOCALL 407-802-9631 TO BOOK YOUR SECTIONS", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call Blitz is scheduled for 1, 4, 7, and 9:30pm. All times are EASTERN. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "9TH ANNUAL BONE MARROW CHARITY BALL AND CONCERT IS BACK AGAIN, LAST YEAR WE RASIED $200,000+ DOLLARS AN ITS ALREADY BEING SAID THIS YEAR WILL BE EVENT BIGGER.. WE HAVE MULTIPLE ONLINE TICKET OUTLETS AVAILABLE BUT THIS PAGE WILL FEATURE AND EXCLUSIVE COMPLIMENTARY 3 NIGHT STAY IN DOWNTOWN ATLANTA PEABODY, COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST AND SEMINAR DAILY ON HOW WE CAN HELP IMPROVE A VERY HARMFUL BUT DECREASING WITH OUR HELP DESEASE IN THE US.;ALL PROCEEDS WILL GO TOWARD BETTERING OUR FACILITIES IN ATLANTA, GA AS WELL AS GIVING FUTURE BONE MARROW PHYSICIAN SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES.. FEEL FREE TO DONATE AS WEL AS STAY FOR THIS ENJOYABLE TIME FOR FELLOWSHIP.THE BALL WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE DOWNTOWN ATLANTA HIGH MUSEUM FOR CONTEMPORARY ART. MINUTES FROMT THE PEABODY HOTEL. FOR MORE INFO VISIT US ONLINE AT WWW.NOMARROW.COM WE WOULDLIKE TO THANK EVERYBODY IN ADVANCE FOR THERE ATTENDENCE, THIS EVENT IS SURE TO BE A GREAT ONE. ALSO FOR SPONSORSHIP PACJAGES PLEASE CALL 205453-2547 FOR MORE INFO.", "YOUR INVITED TP THE 4TH ANNUAL LEUKEMIA SOCIAL BENEFIT CONCERT AND DINNER WINE CELEBRITION.. WEALWAYS HAVE AN AMAZIN TIME AND THIS YEAR SPECIAL CELEBRITY GUEST ACTRESS SINGERS CHEFS ANDSURVIORS WILL BE IN ATTENDENCE.;", "", "THE HOTTEST EVENT OF THE SUMMER IS BACK AND ITS GOING TO BE BIGGER THAN EVER.. IF YOU CAME LAST YEAR OR THE YEAR BEFORE JUST BUY YOUR TICKETS, IF THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME, I SUGGEST YOU GET THE VIP AND CONCERT PACKAGE BECAUSE THIS WILL BE THE BIGGEST PARTY IN THE CITY.. CONCERT AFTER PARTY PASSES INCLUDE VIP AND FREE CHAMPAGNE ALL NIGHT LONG.. MAKE SURE YOUR THERE EARLY!!AFTERPARTY AT THE 20/20 CLUB DOING IT REAL BIG WITH ROSCOE DASH PERFORMING LIVE!!!!", "INDIGNADOS. How a Protest is BornVenue:Portobello PopUP Cinema1 June 2012 4:00 pmINDIGNADOS. Como nace una protestaWorld PremiereMiko Meloni |Italy,Spain| 51 minsA group of citizens are protesting to defend their homes against the banks abuses in the context of Indignados demonstrations....read more", "Niether Allah, Nor Master!Venue:Portobello PopUP Cinema1 June 2012 7:00 pmNiether Allah, Nor Master!UK PremiereNadia El Fani |France| 75 minsTunisian-Franco filmmaker Nadia El Fani, an avowed atheist, takes a personal approach to this cinematic exploration of secularism in the Muslim country of Tunisia before and after the deposition of Ben Ali. The film, which was made by at the height of the 2010-2011 revolutions in North Africa, has proven so controversial that it has...read more", "Cedric The Entertainers Starting Lineup Featuring!!!!!!!!Juan Villareal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Networx Entertainment + Abstract Management PresentsITS THE RETURN OF THE HOOKAH HOOKAHWITH MC QUA AND DJ JACK FROST IN THE MIX@ UPTOWN HOOKAH BAR - 5706 RICHMOND AVE. HOUSTON, TX. 77056NEXT TO SAMS BOATCELEBRITY COMEDY CONCERT CANCER BIRTHDAY BASH!CALLING OUT ALL CANCERS FOR THIS SPECIAL EVENT EXTRAORDINARY ATMOSPHERE TO MIX, MINGLE, AND NETWORKWITH DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT LONG AND EXCLUSIVE FOOD MENUDOORS OPEN AT 6P.M. WITH LIVE COMEDY SHOW FEATURING BET COMIC VIEWS JUAN VILLAREAL!COMEDY SHOW 8-10LIVE CONCERT 10-11:00BIRTHDAY BASH PARTY 11:00-UNTILFOR TABLE RESERVATIONS ; VIP BOTTLE SERVICE CALL 832-371-5921", "New York @ Night takes place at Tryst Gastro Lounge, 240 Beach Dr NE on June 29th, 2012 from 7:00pm-10:00pm. New York @ Night features an evening filled with the ambiance and just like being in New York City while benefiting Heels to Heal Inc a 501c3 organization. VIP tables are available for purchase of $300 per table which includes front row table with 4 seats ;on the Runway for Exclusive Fashion Show event, 4 3 course meals, sponsorship placement on promotional materials and a complimentary bottle of wine or champagne. Limited seating is available so purchase your ticket now!;Also available....VIP Living Room Seating tickets for purchase of $25.00 per person includes general admission to the event, limited VIP seating in Trysts Living room right on the runway, and a complimentary cocktail.;", "", "Country Artist Kylie Morgan Heading Across North America Singing For A Cause Dear To Her Heart ~ Kylie Will Be Putting On Free Concerts All Along Her North American Tour ~Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We Do Teams are hitting the road stopping in communities along the way to get your communities involved. Blow The Whistle On Bullying is bringing bullying to a grinding halt.Become a part of history in the making by joining in the campaign and helping us to give away special made glow in the dark whistles with break away glow in the dark lanyard ~ The cases come in quanities of a 1000 ~ 500 whistle ; 500 lanyardswhich will be sent to your business to give them away to staff ; patrons. There is no charge for the whistles or lanyards your business only pays for the shipping. As well your business will be involved in all the social media, radio, tv, satellite events.Were looking for you to help stand up ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying~It Matters What We Do.Some children are scared to speak up so we have created a symbolic safety alternative. When we all stand together we can make a difference. Giving students this alternative will help to give them a voice against bullying.Those who bullying will think twice if they have a visual reminding them that someone may tell.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Join our Campaign shows your support to Help Make A Safer Tomorrow in your communities.Country Artist Kylie Morgan is going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance. We all can be part of a safer tomorrow ~ wont you help by blowing the whistle today.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Help to make a safer tomorrow ~ support your community by getting involved.Help us to help your communities Blow The Whistle On Bullying ~ It Matters What We DoWatch for Kylie Morgan in your community ~ follow her tour at www.blowthewhistleonbullying.comHere you can follow the tour ~ interact live with Kylie ~ find out when Kylie and the Blow The Whistle On Bullying Teams will be in your community.", "TRAININGTHIS TRAINING IS PAID BUT YOU WILL GET*LIVE ACCOUNT LOADED WITH PS100*ANYTIME AFTER TRAINING SUPPORT*YOU WILL GET TO SEE TRADING BEING DONE LIVE*THE REAL TRICKS FOR THE TRADE HOW NOT TO LOSE*HOW TO PREDICT THE TRENDSAND MANY EXTRAS WITH DVD AND BOOKS.Things we would teach you...How to filter out invalid breakouts?When exactly to enter the trade?Where to place your stop loss?Where to place your -multiple- target levels?How to trade the strategy in real market conditions?", "NEW", "", "", "", "The weekend is finally here, party till you cant party no more with DJ Crunch, Don Jazzy and DJ Skillz.; 10pm - 5pm. Be there or miss out;Not to be missed;LUSH CLUB, BIRMINGHAM, B1 1LXContact Numbers : 07761044613, 07761044621;You must be 18 or overDress to impress, no hoodies or trainersFree parking spaceTicket at the door is &pound;35 standard and &pound;55 VIP;;Catch you there", "Join Welcome Home Entertainment for the Finsle Breakfast!", "An event with second to none organisation. Music is from the top DJ David Dunn in the industry and genre ranges from Afro Hip Hop to R n B, to Ragga and Metal. This event is packaged and organised by 2k2 events in conjuction with Flux Entertainments and David Dunn.You are guaranteed the best of entertainment and we sure hope you would make it for the next date.Have fun and enjoy yourself like theres no tomorrow!Thanks.", "The restaurant boast one of the finest Mediterranean and Japanese menus o offered in their respective areas. Istanblue offers unparalleled happy hour specials at each location and brings the spotlight to every venue by featuring exciting nightly line-ups with live entertainment and live performances, as well as special and themed events. Additionally because Istanblue is both an intimate and elaborate space it has become a premier venue for event and party hosting.", "privatefilmmaker", "The Claim to Fame Music Expo is directed towardsthe indie artist and educational advice about the business.Our main focus is to give artist ideals,advice,knowledge and the tools to be successful as an indie recording artist.The music expo will expedite the different techniques from industry professionals about how to be a more prosperous artist in the music and entertainment industry.Along with the purchase of the events 3 day pass,you will get a chance to sit and speak with label executives,an array of producers will be available and you get a chance to network \"Program Directors\"from different cyber stations and terrestrial radio.So,please be advised that there are no promises being made, but your grind is your \"Claim to Fame\".Because at one time or another the somebodys were once nobodys.For More Info contact C.Real or M.J.@404-954-0508 or 727-686-3104", "", "We will teach you most new techniques for new updates.What Is Search Marketing?Search marketing is the process of gaining traffic and visibility from search engines through both paid and unpaid efforts. It encompasses:SEO: Earning traffic through unpaid or free listingsSEM: Buying traffic through paid search listingsOriginally called &ldquo;search engine marketing,&rdquo; the shorter phrase &ldquo;search marketing&rdquo; is now often used as the umbrella term over SEO and SEM. The longer phrase &ldquo;search engine marketing&rdquo; &mdash; or SEM &mdash; is now typically used to describe paid search activities.Yes, we know that can be confusing &mdash; but that&rsquo;s how things have evolved.;Our article, Does SEM = SEO + CPC Still Add Up?, explains the evolution in more depth.For those who want to learn more about either SEO or SEM, see our guides below:What Is SEM ; Paid Search MarketingWhat Is SEO / Search Engine Optimization?For more about the broader medium of search marketing, read on!Search Marketing Advice At Search Engine LandHere at Search Engine Land, we provide search marketing advice and information in a variety of ways:How To: SEM is our section devoted to practical tips and tactics about search marketing in general.Search Engine Land Columns are where we publish a number of regular columns on various aspects of search marketing, including:Brand AidConversion ScienceIn HouseIn The TrenchesJust BehaveSmall Is BeautifulStrictly BusinessSEM Library Archives is an area of Search Engine Land that provides a collection of all stories we&rsquo;ve written on the topic of SEM. We also have subcategories, including:Search Marketing: BrandingSearch Marketing: GeneralSearch Marketing: Landing PagesSearch Marketing: Local Search MarketingSearch Marketing: MobileSearch Marketing: Public RelationsSearch Marketing: Search Term ResearchSearch Marketing: Shopping Search MarketingSEM Tools is another area of Search Engine Land with a collection of stories we&rsquo;ve written about search marketing tools. It includes these subtopics:SEM Tools: Keyword ResearchSEM Tools: LinksSEM Tools: URL ShortenersSEM Tools: Web AnalyticsSEM Industry is a section of Search Engine Land that focuses not on search marketing advice but rather the search marketing industry which even has an industry group, SEMPO. Within our SEM Industry section are these subsections:SEM Industry: AcquisitionsSEM Industry: AwardsSEM Industry: Blogs ; ForumsSEM Industry: CommunitySEM Industry: ConferencesSEM Industry: GeneralSEM Industry: In HouseSEM Industry: OrganizationsSEM Industry: OutsourcingSEM Industry: PubconSEM Industry: Search Engine Strategies &ndash; SESSEM Industry: Search Marketing Expo &ndash; SMXSEM Industry: StatsRemember, those with Search Engine Land memberships also have access to a wide-range of video content about SEM recorded at our SMX: Search Marketing Expo conferences. Our Search Marketing Now webinar site also has SEM presentations available on demand, to anyone, for free.", "sell all cvv", "Show Information2012 was another banner year for Whitehawk! Working togetherwith; ATADA to bring continuing education and current marketingtrends to the world of antique collecting during the shows proved asuccessful combination that we will continue to grow.This year ATADA plans to enlarge the popular \"Antique EvaluationEvent\" that was started in 2012, so stay tuned to our website forimportant updates regarding this exciting addition to our eventschedule.;; WHITEHAWK ANTIQUE SHOWSAUGUST 8-13, 2013The Whitehawk Shows have been a Santa Fe tradition for 35 years.; Called \"the granddaddy of them all\" by Maine Antique Digests Alice Kaufman, these amazing shows offer something for everyone.; Each show boasts over 150 dealers and features merchandise not seen anywhere else.; The energy is high and the pace leisurely, so browse and enjoy yourself.; Our dealers are passionate about what they do and are happy to share their expertise.; A world of knowledge is yours for the asking!Both shows start with a preview opening from 6-9pm.; The tickets for each preview opening are $100.00 per person and include a scrumptious buffet catered by Cowgirl Restaurant and a complimentary drink - wine, beer, mineral water - your choice.; Well have live entertainment and a cash bar to add to the festivities.; The preview events are open to everyone and all merchandise is for sale during the gala preview openings.;;;;;;;;;;;; ;; ;;;;For your convenience, tickets for all events may be purchased at the door beginning Thursday, August 9th, 12pm and continuing during all posted show hours.; We accept cash or checks sorry, credit card service is not available.Tickets for the Gala Preview Openings are $75.00 per person and include two-day show admission as well as a sumptous buffet catered by the Cowgirl Grill, a Santa Fe favorite of locals and visitors alike.; A complimentary drink, entertainment and the opportunity to view and pruchase items before the show opens to the public, tops off a fun and festive evening.;;Tickets for all events are available at the door.All shows will be held at the new Santa Fe Community Convention CenterLocated at the corner of Grant and Marcy", "it gonna be a big wedding with great artists who want to come please buy a ticket. the places are limited", "", "QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE: Concerts Lyon et Paris!", "MANIFEST DESTINY CONFERENCE 2010\"Your Time Has Come...Your Time Is NOW!!!\"Holiday Inn Select4386 Chamblee-Dunwoody Rd.Atlanta, GA 30341Saturday, October 2, 201010 AM - 3 PMGuest Speakers: Chelsia Green, Andrew Nelson, Raena Marcil, Erika McKay, and Myles W. MillerConference Info: http://myleswmiller.wordpress.com/manifest-destiny-2010-your-time-has-come/", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars from Dec 29, 2010 - Jan 2, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Dianas Official lingerie pajama party kicks off this Friday at Opium Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and casino", "THIS WILL BE THE HOTTEST KICK OFF PARTY IN VEGAS MEMORIAL WEEKENDTHE VILLA OPENS UP AT 9PMOPEN BAR IS FROM 9PM - 1AMSECURITY STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!ATTIRE: ANYTHING GOES!ANY PERSON THAT DOESNT COOPERATE WITH THE DRESS CODE POLICY WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLA DOORMANS DISCRETIONTHIS IS A 21+ EVENTANYONE UNDER 21 WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLAPLEASE BRING YOUR PHOTO ID AND PRINTED TICKETBROUGHT TO YOU BY VIP ACCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUPSitting atop the Fantasy Tower is a Vegas suite so extraordinary, its where Kanye West held court at MTVs 2007 Video Music Awards--and invited Common, Soulja Boy and T-Pain over to live the good life. The Hugh Hefner Villa features an outdoor, cantilevered Playboy Jacuzzir pool with glass end wall and a spectacular view of The Strip. This incredible villa showcases the best of everything including a large living room, full bar, media room, dining room, fully equipped gym with sauna and a spa-style treatment room. For some unexpected panache, enjoy the glass elevator, eight-foot, round rotating bed, an extra-large show tub, pop-up plasma televisions, poker table, an outdoor terrace with Las Vegas Strip views, and sunbathing areas with a bar. This premier penthouse suite will have you living large.", "Come and celebrate my boys admission to the Bar!!!!All are welcome but this is really a private affair!!!", "Surprise Birthday Party for My Girl Alexandra!!!!!", "In the Shadows of DeathElisa Mantin | France | 52minUK PremiereGomorra has changed his life: Roberto Saviano, in his early thirties, has a life similar to Salman Rushdie since his book has been published and the film a huge success all over the world. We will follow Roberto Saviano in his daily life and struggles, treated as a hero by a young Italian generation and as a traitor by the Camorra.", "", "", "End of the year General meeting and seminer", "Event DetailsDon't miss this special opportunity to meet The City Club's preferred partners in our beautiful venue. We promise you will find just the right collection of experts for your next event.Enjoy complimentary hors d'oeuvres and champagne mimosas provided by The City Club, a full day schedule of live entertainment so that you can sample sounds from our collection of artists, tasty treats from our dessert partners, a copy of San Francisco Brides Magazine, and the opportunity to meet in person with all of our premier partners.A City Club Affaire Grand Raffle opportunity ; Swag bag will be included.OUR FEATURED VENDORS:Cakework * California Chocolate Fountains * Carolyn Wong Custom Cakes and Desserts * Dilek Sezen * Have Your Cake * Sibbys Cupcakes * The Cakemaker * Amy Kuschel Brides * Nordstroms Suite * Ricardo Ramirez Designs * Floramor Studios * Floreal * Nancy Liu Chin Designs * Sharla Flock Designs * Soulflower Floral Design * Blow Salon * Pretty Birds Make-Up * Zindagi Salon * Galleria Park Hotel * Kimpton Hotels * Le Meridian Hotel * Omni Hotel * Artists in Music * Bay Music and Entertainment * Cali Entertainment * Denon ; Doyle * Entire Productions * Marianne Kent Music * Sound in Motion * Rhodes ; Fletcher LLC * New Delhi Restaurant * San Francisco Brides Magazine * San Francisco Private Dining Venues * Wedding Wire * Andrew Weeks Photography * Arrowood Photography * Darcy Padilla Photography * Gertrude ; Mabel Photography * Jade Studio Productions * Jay Kelly Photography * Kaemmerling Photography * Wendy K. Yalom Photography * Boutique Events * Downey Street Events * I Do Wedding and Events * Kristina Taheri Events * Well Rehearsed * Bloomingdales * BluePrint Studios * Classic Party Rentals * Got-Light * La Tavola Linen * Napa Valley Linen * Under the Chuppah * Burke Williams Day Spa * Ajalon Printing and Design * Hyegraph Invitations ; Calligraphy * Bauer Transportation * California Parking Valet * Justin Fone Productions * Thomas Hughes Video", "Soon there will come Christmas. It is one of liked our holidays and offering to lead it together with me. In this occasion I want to arrange the large party. I already have invited musical group and class DJ. I need to buy a lot of meal and alcohol. I have no so much money to buy so much. I hope for your help. I wait for any and I promise that will be very cheerful. and certainly there will be a christmas performance and Santa.", "", "", "Join us Thursday, March 22 for an evening of jazz benefitting Triskeles&rsquo; NYC;Sustainable Directions Internship Program;;Benefitting Triskeles&rsquo; NYC Sustainable Directions Internship Program,;providing life and job skills training, mentored paid internships, and innovative real life experiences in sustainable businesses and not-for-profits for underserved youth as they transition into adulthood.", "You will be taught the Art of Dancing. We instruct hand dance, teach how to lead, follow, grace, style, and form. Come out an learn how to Ballroom Dance, 2 Step and Line Dance every Tues and Thursday Night from 7p - 9p. It is a place for soccial networking as well.", "At this seminar i will teach how to maximize your profit and lower your overhead cost.", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Release new album.", "small bussiness projectfund/networking event.", "This is a 4hr training that will really help you get to grips with the issues that lead to challenging behaviour, violence and aggression. ;Importantly, how to react properly and safely.This is in direct response to the needs of health and social care providers seeking clear, comprehensive, relevant and easy to use challenging behaviour training.The perfect induction, vocational and management training.This training includes;Behavioural disordersFear and angerViolence and aggressionEffects of challenging behaviourRisk assessmentIncident preventionThe grinding down effect of challenging behaviourRisk reductionFlash pointsTriggersPredictabilityWarning signsVerbal warning signsNon verbal warning signsPhysical threatsDisaster! The situation has, \"kicked off\"Escalation of a problemDefusing a situationBody languageBreakaway techniquesReasonable forceRestraintNothing is going to stop the problem - what to do?Supporting colleaguesWorking alone;EARLY BOOKINGS ARE NECESSARY AS THERE ARE LIMITED SPACES, ONLINE BOOKING FOR COURSE COST IS REDUCED BY 50% &pound;75 PAYMENT AT DOOR IS &pound;150", "This event is Made annualy in different location in the world this time phillipines was choosen to be the host of the conference.The Objective of this conference is to come up with different programs that will lessen up umemployment rate in the world.In this event people who are invited are the individuals who are concern in the rising unemployment rate all over the world.;NOTE: This is made through the request of the event coordinator for the participants to avoid the hassle of buying their tickets at the event day particularly the ones staying in the US and CANADA.;Ticket includes 2 night stay at the guest house;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;and a Special tour to the Sumaging cave and Sunrise mountain..;You can bring your Spouse with you or a friend...", "Please mark your calendar for sunday morning service 9:00 on november 10th,fellowship service ;fundraising for the families who lost their homes and properties in the past deadly natural desasterhuricane sandy. Plans right now are to bring your own choice of donations. these donations would be given to the families affected by the hurican sandy.DONATIONS: donations would be accepted at the venue. Members of the church and also citizens who are willing to give donations can bring them to the venue. for money, the church management accepts cheque payable to the church jesus chosen church of God. for memebers that wont be able to make it to the venue on sunday can donate online by buying tickets, through credit card payment.ENTERTAINMENT: There would be entertainments for members and citizens at the venue.note: entertainment will be after the serviceHOST:Rev. evangelist paul bluntLOCATION AND TIME;:venue is;Caesars Atlantic City, time is 9 am to 3pm.FOR FURTHER INFO:contact us +29134567829", ";Drink Specials Until Midnight:$6 Coronas$6 Rum ; Coke$6 Sex on the Beach shots$250 bottle;SPECIAL PEROMANCE NECOLE BITCHIEMusic Format&ndash; Main Floor: DJ Saam ;Top 40, Mashups, Hip Hop&ndash; Vault: Kid Lucky House, Dance, International&ndash; Bedroom: DJ Mario S. American + International&ndash; Chroma: DJ Geometrix Top 40, Mashups, Hip Hop", "Thanks Giving And Gospel Music Sunday. is a gospel musical event from quors from our diffent branches in united state", "9p - 2atop shelf open bar, passed hors d'oeuvres plus full menu, midnight toast, party favors, and everything else you need to welcome 2013!", "Vous etes tous convi&eacute; au festival de la musique francaise se deroulant chaque ann&eacute;e a miami, ledition de cette anne se tiendra au loews miami beach hotel , le ticket comprend la restauration jusqua satiet&eacute; sans oubli&eacute; la participation &agrave; tous les spectables durant le festivalNous invitons toute la communaut&eacute; francaise vivant aux etats unis &agrave; cette magnifique fete.", "Grande Bordeaux;25+ Chateau owners and managers from Bordeaux, France, are flying into Orlando to host a one of a kind Bordeaux-only wine tasting. A limited number of tickets are available for this wine and food event, so act fast to secure your attendance.;;For more information please visit: http://shop.abcfws.com/ABC-BORDEAUX-GRANDE-TASTING&ndash;P19016.aspx", "come to a great party that you will never forgett!!!!", "In the main event, the Ring Warriors Grand Champion &ldquo;The Marquee&rdquo; Bruce Santee defends his title against former ECW and NWA world champion and current Ring of Honor star &ldquo;The King of Old School&rdquo; Steve Corinio.", "Bonjour, ;Comme prevu, cette page a &eacute;t&eacute; cree envue de permettre aux retardataires dacheter leurs billets pour notre sejour touristique &agrave; MIAMI.;Nous passerons un sejour inoubliable en Floride et tous les membres de la communaut&eacute; sont cordialement invit&eacute;s.;Veuillez sil vous plait vous achetez vos billets rapidement pour une meilleur organisation du voyage.Pour rappel MIAMI est une ville vibrante et charg&eacute;e d&eacute;nergie, vous serez vite s&eacute;duits par Miami ! La ville vit au rythme des Antilles et cultive une intense vie nocturne. Bien install&eacute;e entre le parc national des Everglades &agrave; lOuest, et celui de Biscayne &agrave; lEst, Miami occupe les plaines littorales de lestuaire de la Miami River. A seulement quelques heures de bateau des Cara&iuml;bes, elle est consid&eacute;r&eacute;e comme l&rsquo;une des villes les plus multiculturelles du pays. ;N.B le prix du billet comprend les frais de transport aller et retour, la nourriture sur place et la participation &agrave; toutes les autres activict&eacute;s au menu durant le sejour.;Cordialement;Stephanie Massias", "", "Jay Lake is an award-winning American author of ten science fiction novels and over 300 short stories. He is also one of more than a million Americans who have colon cancer. Diagnosed in April, 2010, Jays cancer has progressed from a single tumor to metastatic disease affecting the lung and liver, recurring after multiple surgeries and chemotherapy courses, and multiplying from single tumor presentations to multiple tumors presentations. Jay is now in his fourth round of chemotherapy, but its not clear that its working, and his doctors have little to go on in terms of advising further courses of treatment for him. In short, things are not looking good for Jay. Not at all.", ";Hello and welcome to \"How to build a successful crowdfunding campaign\" video training.This training is for creators and entrepreneurs like you who want to know more about sourcing money from the crowd to fund your projects and ventures.It is also for supporters and investors who want to know what it means to fund a project or venture you&rsquo;re passionate about and make the world a better place.Join us for an in-depth conversation around;crowdfunding;, what works and what not when it comes to sourcing money from the crowd. We will be covering topics such as what are the advantages and disadvantages of crowdfunding, what are the Main Components of a crowdfunding campaign and what makes it successful, how to prepare your crowdfunding project, the importance of the video pitch and much more.We love crowdfunding and we love to share our knowledge and we are really hopeful that the course that you&rsquo;re watching will bring significant value to the success of your crowdfunding campaign.", "Join us for an exclusive graduate fashion week event featuring our little white graduation Rob collection!Find the little white Dress of your dreams for any graduation or \"stepping forth\" Ceremony this Summer.", "LADIES OF ALASKA I HOPE YOUR READY FOR THE HOTTEST MALE ENTERTAINERS OUT THE ATL COMING TO BRING THAT SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY......... OHH YEAA YOU CAN TOUCH....... YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS LIMITED TICKETS AVAILABLE SO GET THEM WHILE YOU CAN ONLY TWO NIGHTS ONLY FRIDAY AUGUST 30 AND SATURDAY AUGUST 31", "August 16 - Dallas, TX - Gexa PavilionLil wayne, TI, 2 Chainz and French Montana", "", "", "sale off", "The University Abdelmalek Essa&acirc;di UAE, the Faculty of Sciences and Techniques of Tangier FSTT in collaboration with the Durham University, UK International organized a workshop under the theme \"First Euro-Mediterranean workshop on recent development on meshless methods\" of 23 to 25 September 2013.", "", "Showcasing new ideas in email ; digital marketing, this dynamic event offers an immersive forum for cross-channel marketing attendees, speakers, sponsors and exhibitors to draw inspiration from one another and explore new technologies and techniques. For the past 5 years, we&rsquo;ve focused on the ever-changing and evolving world of email marketing, providing you with the best ways to capitalize on the high ROI this low-cost communication tool can provide both on its own, and integrated with social, search, mobile, video and other email enhancers.ConferencesHere are a few reasons why you need to find some time in your busy schedule and attend at least several marketing conferences this year.1. Learning and sharing knowledge.You will be able to capture knowledge of the latest trends and challenges facing the digital marketing industry, learn new tools and the most useful features and how to implement them in your marketing campaigns to move your business to the next level, get answers to questions which you are conscious about or get approval of the direction your business is moving to.2. Inspiring and generating new ideas.Since there are so many creative and bright people attending marketing conferences, they definitely share their new and genuine ideas with other attendees. You may be inspired by someone&rsquo;s presentation or personality, and that may lead to creating and considering your own innovative ideas or starting to thing about things differently.3. Building relations.Attending big gatherings is a great opportunity to meet new people, communicate with them, build partnership relations that will help your business to grow, or find sponsors for your new projects.Hope I have managed to assure you that participating in conferences is worth investing your time to.", "WERDEN SIE MISS EURO AFRICASie sehen gut aus, haben Ausstrahlung und das Zeug zur Sch&ouml;nheitsk&ouml;nigin? Dann bewerben Sie sich jetzt bei uns um die Krone der \"Miss Africa Europa \". Die Gewinnerin darf anschlie&szlig;end an der \"Miss Five Continents\"-Wahl teilnehmen.;Dieser Wettbewerb bietet die gro&szlig;e Chance f&uuml;r alle Nachwuchsmodels und -missen: Gemeinsam mit den Veranstaltern der \"Miss Africa europa\" Wahl suchen wir die sch&ouml;nste Africanische Frau im Europa Die Top 30 unter den Bewerberinnen laden wir zu einem exklusiven Fotoshooting im F&uuml;nf-Sterne-Hotel Elington ;in Berlin ein. Anschlie&szlig;end d&uuml;rfen unsere User entscheiden, welche zehn Kandidatinnen es in die Finalshow schaffen. Die \"Miss Africa Europa \" wird im November von einer Fach jury gew&auml;hlt und fliegt mit den anderen \"Miss Africa Europa \"-Kandidatinnen in ein Vorbereitungscamp, bevor im Februar der Wettkampf um die Krone der \"Miss Africa Europa \" steigt.Teilnehmen d&uuml;rfen alle ledigen Frauen zwischen 16 und 28, die keine Kinder haben und die Europ&auml;ische und africanische besitzen. Es d&uuml;rfen von Ihnen keine Nackt- oder Erotikaufnahmen im Umlauf sein.Wenn Sie glauben, dass Sie das Zeug zur Sch&ouml;nheitsk&ouml;nigin haben, dann schicken Sie uns mindestens zwei aktuelle Fotos von sich per Mail an miss@missafrica.eu. Laden Sie au&szlig;erdem das Teilnahmeformular herunter und schicken es uns ausgef&uuml;llt an die darauf;======================================================;QUERES SER MISS EURO AFRICA?;Se &eacute;s gira e achas que tens o perfil para uma Rainha da Beleza Africana, entao participa e concorre &agrave; coroa de Rainha \"Miss Africa Europa\". A Vencedora ficar&aacute; habilitada ao Concurso final de \"Miss Five Continents\".Este Concurso destina-se a todas que queiram vir a ter esta experi&ecirc;ncia de Modelo. Juntamente com os Organizadores da \"Miss Africa Europa\" procuramos a Mulher Africana mais linda da Europa. As mais belas, numa selec&ccedil;&atilde;o TOP 30, convidaremos para uma sess&atilde;o fotogr&aacute;fica na cadeia de Hoteis de 5 *Hotel Elington, em Berlim-Alemanha.Numa segunda fase, ser&atilde;o seleccionadas 10 canditadas destas TOP 30, que seguir&atilde;o para a Final.As elegidas ir&atilde;o viajar, para um \"Camp de Prepara&ccedil;&atilde;o de Miss Africa Europa\", para que estejam preparadas para o Concurso de \"Miss AFRICA EUROPA\" onde ser&aacute; elegida em Novembro, por um Juri profissional de Concursos de Miss a grande vencedora e que participar&aacute; em Fevereiro 2014 na \"MISS FIVE CONTINENTS\".;Concorrer podem todas as Mulheres, com estado civil de solteira entre os 16 e os 28 anos, sem filhos e que sejam cidad&atilde;s Europeias ou de Nacionalidade Africana.Informamos que n&atilde;o poder&atilde;o participar as candidatas que tenham efectuadas fotografias em n&uacute; ou de car&aacute;cter er&oacute;tico.Se achares que tens o perfil de MISS, envia-nos para o endere&ccedil;o mail, miss@missafrica.eu., duas fotos actuais, juntamente com o formul&aacute;rio de participa&ccedil;&atilde;o, que podes fazer o download na nossa p&aacute;gina de internet este dever&aacute; ser enviado via correio para a nossa morada indicada na p&aacute;gina.;Candidatas com menos de 18 anos necessitam autoriza&ccedil;&atilde;o escrita do encarregado de educa&ccedil;&atilde;o para poderem participar.;Principais datas:;&bull;Sess&atilde;o Fotografica das Top 30 :02 November 2013 no FORX &ndash; Mohrenstr 1 &ndash; 10117 Berlin Mitte &bull;Elei&ccedil;&atilde;o das 10 Finalistas: 02 bis 19 November &bull; Concurso \"Miss Africa Europa \": 22 und 23 . November 2013 no FORX &ndash; Mohrenstr 1 &ndash; 10117 Berlin Mitte &bull;\"Miss Africa Europa Camp\" 21-22 . Januar 2014 num luxuoso Resort em Berlin , ainda a designar.;TICKETS : https://missafricaeuropa..de/", "The Predictive Analytics World Government Conference is being so designed that professionals who are interested in knowing more about the topic of data analytics will gain immensely by being a part of the conference. The Predictive Analytics World Government Conference will give its participants a focused programme that will help the participants of the conference to learn in details about the various important issues that are related to the topic. The conference will discuss about the various advances that are made in the field of data analytics in the last few years and how precision agriculture has come to be considered as an extremely important topic because of its increasing use to solve real world problems.", "PLease donate to help me get home", "", "SPECIAL VIP PACKAGES WILL INCLUDE:TICKETS TO SPECIAL EVENTSSPONSORED BY:VIP ACCESS EVENTS, NBA EVENTS, CIROC, HENNESSY BLACK, BELEVEDERE VODKA, GREY GOOSE.***ONLY 1 PERSON IN YOUR PARTY SHOULD PURCHASE A PACKAGE******EACH GUEST IN YOUR PARTY WILL HAVE A TICKET TO EACH EVENT LISTED***IF YOU DECIDE TO CANCEL YOUR PARTY PACKAGE, WE CAN ONLY REFUND 25% OF THE AMOUNTSTARTER VIP PACKAGE:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD EVENTVIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 3 TO 5 GUESTS INCLUDES:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD @ THE AVALON FEB 18-TICKETS TO LEBRON JAMES ALL STAR WEEKEND CELEBRITY BASH FEB 17- TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTERHOURS PARTY FEB 19/20 12:00AM - 7:00AMULTRA VIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 4 TO 6 GUESTS INCLUDES:-NBA JAM SESSION TICKETS-1 PREMIUM ALCOHOLIC BOTTLE BEVERAGE OF CHOICE-TICKETS TO DIDDY INVADES HOLLYWOOD @ THE AVALON- TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTERHOURS PARTY FEB 19/20 12:00AM - 7:00AMTHE ULTIMATE ALL-STAR VIP PACKAGE:PARTY OF 4 TO 8 GUESTS INCLUDES:THURSDAY ALL STAR CELEBRITY GUEST - TBANBA JAM SESSION TICKETS FOR FRIDAY FEB 18-2 PREMIUM ALCOHOLIC BOTTLE BEVERAGES OF CHOICE-VIP TICKETS TO ALL DIDDY EVENTS FEB 18 @ THE AVALON ; FEB 19 @ THE HIGHLANDS-VIP TICKETS TO CIARA ; TRINA AFTER HOURS EVENT @ UNION STATION FEB 19/20-VIP TICKETS TO YOUNG JEEZY ALL STAR FINALE @ HIGHLANDS FEB 20***IF YOU PURCHASE THE INSTALLMENT PLAN, BE SURE TO PAY IN FULL BY FEB 7TH, 2011***ALL EVENTS ; FLYERS WILL BE ANNOUNCED ; INSERTED BEFORE JAN 10, 2011.FOR QUESTIONS EMAIL USAT VIPACCESSEVENT@GMAIL.COM", "", "", "", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "JOIN USFASHION NIGHT OUT 2011 EVENT!SAVE THE DATE!MORE INFO COMING YOUR WAY!", "ReisaTea Club takes over Dalston Roof Park with a FASH MASH! Festivalette - an afternoon of games, craft, customising and rooftop DJing by Curious People and Gaggle, plus a BBQ and all day bar to boot! Crafternoon will work with you to transform pre-loved garments that could have otherwise ended up in the landfill into DIY, individualised fashions, and all for free - bring your own old clothes along too!", "", "", "", "TRINA LIVE @ G 5IVE FRIDAY 17TH, FOR THE GRAND OPENING OF \"ULTIMATE FRIDAYS\" CALL FOR MORE INFO....786.800.4364.", "COME BE WITH THE KIDS OF SHANDS FOR THERE 9TH ANNUAL BENEFIT CONCERT AND LUNCHEON. ALL PROCEEDS GO TO A WONDERFUL CAUSE TO HELP OUR FIGHT AGAINST LEUKEMIA. PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR MORE INFO..http://www.livestrong.org/Get-Help/Get-One-On-One-Support?gclid=CIaJuaPgya4CFQNntgodhSq-AA;WE HAVE ALSO SCHEDULED A GRAND TOUR OF THE NEWEST LEUKEMIA FACILITY IN ORLANDO AND MEET AND GREET WITH ORLANDO MAGIC PLAYER DWIGHT HOWARD MONDAY STARTNG AT 2PM AVAILABLE TO ALL OF OUR VIP GUEST.PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW AND ALSO ENTER TO WIN AN ALL EXPENSE PAID TRIP TO LAS VEGAS. MANY CELEBRITY GUEST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS..;HOSTED BY REPUBLICAN PARTY CANDIDATE TO BE ANNOUNCED", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "I will be teaching new business owners the tools that i have learned to not only understand but implement global transportation logistcs.", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "Difficult LovesVenue:The Horse Hospital1 June 2012 6:00 pmDifficult LovesUK PremiereLucina Gil |Spain| 64 mins\"In my heart, I had a thorn of passion. One day I managed to rip it out. Now I don't feel my heart anymore\". It is summer, a town in Spain, loves unfulfilled, loves blossoming, loves dormant. A universal tale. Summer, full of hope, comes and goes....read more", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and releas", "LETS! GO HEAT! LETS! GO HEAT! LETS! GO HEAT! LETS! GO HEAT! LETS! GO HEAT! TUESDAY WE LIVE @ PALM GARDEN!!! OPEN BAR! WINGS ; MORE!!! GAME STARTS @ 9PM D/O 8:30! GET THERE EARLY TO FIND A SEAT!!!!!!!!", "", "Blow The Whistle On Bullying Teamsare hitting the road stopping in communities along the way to get your communitiesinvolved.Blow The Whistle On Bullying~ Help Make A Safer Tomorrow.Register todayand we will send your special made glow in the dark whistles with break away glow in the darklanyard.Were looking for you to help stand up ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying~ Help Make A Safer Tomorrow. Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Join our Campaign shows your support toHelp Make A Safer Tomorrowinyour communities.We are going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance. We all can bepart of asafer tomorrow~ wont youhelp by blowing the whistle today.We are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Helpto make a safer tomorrow~ support us by getting involved.As our way of giving back to the communities we have special gifts to give awaywith some of thewhistles.~ Rent or Mortgagepaid for a year up to $1000 per month~ Gas paid for a year up to $250 per month~ Groceries paid for a year up to $500 per month~ Car payment for a year up to $500 per month~ Scholarship to school of choiceHelp us to help your communitiesBlow The Whistle On Bullying~ Making ASafer Tomorrow.Register today for yourglow in the dark whistle with glow in the dark lanyard ~ Blow The Whistle On Bullying.", "", "SEA LIFE London AquariumLocated next to the EDF Energy London Eye the venue has been developed with you the event organiser in mind and is Londons only aquarium.Five fully themed and immersive areasAdaptable for formal and informal eventsIntegrated lighting, furniture and audio throughout the venueAlways topical, with new attractions throughout the yearBrand our SEALIFE Divers for FREE in your drinks reception whilst they swim with the sharksUp to 500 guests for parties and networking events180 guests for awards dinner dances and dinner dances200 for awards dinners and dinnersBar and Bat MitzvahsVIP ToursFor tasty food ideas for your event please visit our event partners page", "CUPID HERE LIVECOME AND MEET WITH CUPID LIVE, OPPORTUNITIES TO MEET THAT SPECIAL PERSONLIVE DATINGALL NIGHT LONG PARTYDRINKS INCLUDED WITH FEELOTS MORE;RAFFLE DRAW TENERIFE AKA ISLAND OF FERNADO...WITH &pound;500 SPENDING MONEYTHERE WONT BE A DULL MOMENTONLY FOR A TOKEN;&pound;65VENUE:;BEST WESTERN; IVY HILL HOTELWrittle Road, Margaretting,Chelmsford, Essex, CM4 0EH", "", "Our San Francisco Fleet Week 2012 mission is to continue to focus on Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Response preparations while we take this annual opportunity to host and thank the young men and women of the Naval Services for their selfless devotion to duty in safeguarding our Country.", ";SKIPLINE EVENTS PRESENT..GUARANTEED SOLD OUT EVENT.. 2 ARTIST, 2 SHOWS AND 1 UNBELIEVABLE NIGHT!! ITS GOING DOWN IN A MAJOR WAY, ALL TRAPS CLOSED, ALL DORMS EMPTY, WE TALKING ABOUT THE SEXIEST LADIES IN THE SUNSHINE STATE UNDER ONE BUILDING, AND THE FLYEST OF THE FLYEST GOONS IN THE BUILDING..FOR TICKET INFO CALL 205-453-2547DOORS OPEN AT 10PM SHARP AND IM TELLING RIGHT NOW, YOU BETTER GET THERE EARLY!!$100 BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!THE BADDEST BITCH MISS TRINA LIVE ON STAGE PERFORMING ALL OF HER HITS..!!!!!!!!!!!!YOUR HERE OR YOUR NOWHERE SUNDAY, OCTOBER 28TH AT THE BARN IN SANFORD #POW", "THE BIGGEST EVENT IN THE CITY OF BAGUIO WITH THE BIGGEST PRIZES AND BEST BAND...\\COME AND ENJOY THE PARTY WITH SPECIAL BAND GUISET FROM DIFFERENT PART OF LUZONCOME IN YOUR HALLOWEEN COSTUMES AND GET THE CHANCE TO WIN 20,000 IN CASH!!!!!!", "Incluye:CamisetasTransporataci&oacute;nCurso Did&aacute;cticoCurso de Ost&aacute;culosDin&aacute;micas de Trabajo en EquipoAlmuerzo CompletoConfraternizaci&oacute;n y Cierre 1hr. refresco, jugos y aperitivos;*El numero patronal de M.V.B Inc. es 660-67-5317#Invoice - 438", "People say there is nothing new about Content Marketing, but as technology improves so it does, lets show you the way to go about it we have doen the hard work of researching and now we bring you a conference with people who have nothing less than 6yrs of prolific research and everyday investment in the field.The conference is absolutely free...The trainings are very cheap and you will get incredible value for your money, the trainings which ever one you pay for will start immediately after the conference we will also give you after training service and follow up.LETS SHOW YOU THE NITTY GRITTY OF THE BUSINESS AND HELP YOU GROW...", "Vendors Spaces 2 left", "...CASH FLOW IS KEY TO SUCCESSPRESENTED BY JOHN CANDY CMA, ACISthere are more than a hundred ways to manage your financemoreso Cash is king when it comes to the financial management of a growing company or personal wealth. some people say cash flow management means delaying outlays of cash as long as possible while encouraging anyone who owes you money to pay it as rapidly as possible.some of the outlines are:MEASURING YOUR CASH FLOWWAYS TO IMPROVE INFLOWMANAGING OUTFLOWSSURVIVING SHORT FALLSand many morecome and enjoy all these and more at our one day interactive seminar.", "GRANT MULLER ; THE MISSION.;Live from the House of Blues.", "Ring In 2013 At Don Joses Mexican Restaurant;; Cantina!!Special Appearance By DJ Tico;2052 E. Northern Lights Blvd.Anchorage, AK 99508Tickets: $20 10pm-2amIncludes Entry, Champaign Toast, and Party FavorsTable of 2: $100 Dinner 8pm-10pm DJ Tico 10pm-2amIncludes 2 Tickets, Bottle of Champaign, Steak ; Seafood Dinner Buffet, ; Party Favors. ;Dinner is from 8-10pm.;Table of 4: $150 Dinner 8pm-10pm;DJ Tico 10pm-2amIncludes 4 Tickets, Bottle of Champaign, Steak ; Seafood Dinner Buffet, ; Party Favors. ;Dinner is from 8-10pm.;Table of 8: $300;Dinner 8pm-10pm;DJ Tico 10pm-2amIncludes 9 Tickets, 2 Bottles of Champaign, Steak ; Seafood Dinner Buffet, ; Party Favors. ;Dinner is from 8-10pm.;;907-279-5111www.AlaskaDonJoses.com", "StyleParties have the pleasure to be hosting parties all through January and beyond at the Stunning Kensington Roof Gardens Club in Kensington!;Standard vip at &pound;10;No more queuing for ages, no staying in the cold and rainEnter In Style through the vip entrance, get hold of these precious tickets before they go!!Doors open a 10pm and dance the Night Away with the best music in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden!!;As allways and to ;keep hunger at bay the Roof Gardens chefs will be serving a BBQ though the night in the heated spanish gardens.;Dresscode is Smart/Glam/ Trendy/ Dress to Impress!All the guests must bring id.Guests must be over 18 / preferible over 21;;** Tickets are transferable but not refundable.;** These tickets are valid from 10pm-11pm only trhough the Vip Entrance;** you can party until 3 am closing time;**If arriving after 11:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk/ or contact 0788 959 7773 or quote Styleparties guestlist at the doorIf you wish to book a table please email ;styleparties@hotmail.co.uk or contact 0788 959 7773;", "For St Patrick&rsquo;s Day, the NYPD Boxing Team Presents:;IRISH SPECTACULAR&mdash;March 14, 2013 7:00 PMA night of Police Boxing&mdash;NYPD vs Garda Siochana;Food ; Drink Served ComplementaryAt St Paul&rsquo;s the Apostle at Columbus Ave ; W 60 St ManhattanTo benefit: NYC Cops and Kids Boxing Clubs;*Appearance by Marcus Browne, first ever Atlas Cops ; Kids Olympian, 2012 Summer Games;This show running in partnership with Mike Murphy of Rosecliff Capital;;", "This event is a universal and remedial review of the Android market. This event addresses the operating system, games, and applications. This conference is good for designers, programmers, entrepreneurs, and computer clients. This event is also good for anyone who uses a phone, tablet, or computer. Android is the system embedded in most communication devices. ;", "; XO SATURDAYS  Date: Saturday 23rd March 2013  EACH ; EVERY SATURDAY Play Time: 10:00pm - 5:00am FREE FOR Ladies before 12 with a valid ticket- click REGISTER;#################################A part of you wants to remain Elegant, whilst the other half would rather get wasted. Being Elegantly Wasted is the new dimension to being, BOLD ; SEXY.;XO SATURDAYS provides the ideal party atmosphere. If you just wanna scream and shout, and let it all out, dance the night away till 5am XOXOTABLES ; BOOKINGS- 07984866184 PIN: 24C6E858################################# R;B  Hip Hop  Commercial ; Chart  Bashment  Afrobeats  House + more", "Open class, suitable for yoga students of all levels. Beginners always welcome!Price: &pound;12 per 90 min class or &pound;50 for a 5 class pass.Mats and equipment are provided.Please book online, as classes do get busy. Please come 10 mins early to set-up and be sure of a place!;Driving: Free parking at weekends.Buses: 239, C19, 187.Trains: 5 mins walk from Wandsworth Underground line, Thameslink and Silverlink.Please get in touch if you&rsquo;d like any further info.", "", "The Southeast Dubai Business Conference features timely topics and experts in various fields appropriate for business owners and management teams. Workers Compensation, Business Law, Health Care Reform, Legislative Updates, OSHA, and Ethics in HR are only a few of the topics that have been covered at the Southeast Dubai Business Conference. This year we are very excited to present our keynote speaker;Al Nahyan who will delight, entertain, and inform. His keen sense of humor is a comical backwards approach that will have you laughing in your seat as well as taking valuable knowledge with you when you leave. You wont want to miss this year&rsquo;s conference!!", "", "", "Vente priv&eacute;e de vin rouge * Evenement priv&eacute; sur invitation", "Ticket to eat/drink at the tailgate $15;", ";; ; ; Tous les articles; ; ; Architecture; Arts oratoires; Arts textiles; Cin&eacute;ma; Collage et assemblage; Danse; Design; Dessin; Joaillerie et bijouterie; Litt&eacute;rature et &eacute;criture; Musique; Peinture; Photographie; Sculpture et modelage; Th&eacute;&acirc;tre; Vitrail et travail du verre; ; ; ; ; RechercherR&eacute;sultat :738 &eacute;l&eacute;ments trouv&eacute;s pour \"Tous les articles\" Retour &agrave; la rechercheMOTS-CL&Eacute;S LES PLUS RECHERCH&Eacute;SAbstrait;|;Acrylique;|;AQUARELLE;|ARTISANAT;|;Bijoux;|;Bois;|Collage;|;Design;|;Dessin;|;&Eacute;criture;|Huile;|;Musique;AgrandirSuzie Allard travaillant sur une poterieChristian Lamontagne, Les Productions Vic PelletierLa d&eacute;finition de l&rsquo;art populairePendant longtemps, le terme &laquo;;art populaire;&raquo; fut dot&eacute; d&rsquo;une signification p&eacute;jorative faisant r&eacute;f&eacute;rence &agrave; une certaine masse inculte du peuple. Bien qu&rsquo;il soit aujourd&rsquo;hui mieux consid&eacute;r&eacute;, il n&rsquo;a rien perdu de son ambigu&iuml;t&eacute;, et tous ne s&rsquo;entendent pas sur ce qu&rsquo;il d&eacute;signe.En effet, lart populaire peut se confondre avec lart brut;ou lart na&iuml;f, notamment parce quil commence &agrave; peine &agrave; sinscrire dans le circuit de lart &eacute;tabli. De plus, ces formes d&rsquo;art ont en commun la quasi-absence de formation artistique de leurs auteurs. Il existe toutefois certains crit&egrave;res qui permettent de d&eacute;terminer si une &oelig;uvre peut &ecirc;tre class&eacute;e ou non dans les arts populaires.Ainsi, on peut consid&eacute;rer comme issues de l&rsquo;art populaire;des &oelig;uvres : qui sont r&eacute;alis&eacute;es &agrave; l&rsquo;aide de mat&eacute;riaux ou de techniques traditionnelles ; qui proviennent de la;tradition orale; qui sont cr&eacute;&eacute;es par un individu ou un groupe appartenant &agrave; la classe dite populaire d&rsquo;une soci&eacute;t&eacute; non &eacute;rudite dans la pratique de son art ; qui sont la manifestation de traits culturels ethniques.", "picture PC", "", "THE BIGGEST OFFICIAL NIGERIAN INDEPENDENCE PARTY IN EUROPE IS BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND.;CALLING ALL NIGERIANS ; FRIENDS OF NIGERIANS, JOIN US AS WE CELEBRATE THE 53RD INDEPENDENCE OF NIGERIA! 12 YEARS RUNNING AND STILL THE MOST ANTICIPATED SELL OUT PARTY OF THE YEAR. FROM THE CREATORS OF GREATEST NIGERIAN INDEPENDENCE SHOWS AT TEMPLE, CLUB SE1, STRATFORD REX, MINISTRY OF SOUND AND OCEANS.==== THE OFFICIAL NIGERIAN INDEPENDENCE PARTY ====FRIDAY 4TH OCTOBER 2013HOSTED BY: MR AMOUR &lsquo;A&rsquo; STAR ; DJ ABRANTEE;OVER 2000 PEOPLELIVE PERFORMANCES FROM UK ; NIGERIAN ARTISTSKASMAY7VENMOELOGODIZZYHONEY BWERAY ENTADA SNOOPMUSIC POLICY &ndash; AFROBEATS, R;B, FUJI, DANCEHALL ; MOREALL STAR DJ LINE UP:Mr Amour A Star;Dj Abrantee;DJ SeanDJ Unbeetable;Perfect Gents Dj Data ; MC SpiceDJ UntouchableDJ Spencer;DJ Igwe;DJ Lekan KamsonDJ Shola B;Mr Tee Ali==================================ATTRACTIONS ON THE NIGHT:KUKERE VS ROTATE DANCE OFF COMPETITIONWIN A TICKET TO LAGOS, ABUJA OR PORTHARCOURT With AIR FRANCE==================================DRESS CODE: TRADITIONAL AFRICAN ATTIRE, ANKARA OR SMART WEAR ONLY. NO TRAINERS OR SPORTS WEAR==================================IF YOU CAME LAST YEAR THEN YOU KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT. DON&rsquo;T DULL GET YOUR TICKETS FOR THIS SELL OUT ROAD BLOCK EVENT EARLY..... OSSSHEEEEE;THIS EVENT IS SPONSORED BY: AIR FRANCE", "More Followers. Higher Engagement.Get proven tips to improve your Twitter marketing. From engagement to growth tactics, this workshop will cover advanced tactics to drive meaningful business results from Twitter efforts.This hands-on, live workshop will feature:;Twitter Campaign Reviews:;Submit your Twitter account for a live review, and get relevant advice to get more out of your effortsTools Overview:;Take a quick tour of our favorite tools for social media measurement and managementCase Studies ; Best Practices:;Review the most critical tips for Twitter success, and see live examples of organizations who are driving meaningful business results on Twitter.Date: October 9, 2013- See more at: http://www.onlinemarketinginstitute.org/twitter-workshop", "www.MicMakeupSchool.comThis makeup class focuses on the areas that draw the most attention to the face, and can make the most important and dramatic impact to anyones appearance.Everyone should take this makeup class, especially those who find themselves searching for new ideas or looking to improve their color technique and application. This class has been designed to accommodate all skill levels. No prior experience is required. Subject to review, successful achievement of makeup course content, and teacher recommendation, qualified students will receive a Certificate of Completion from our makeup school. The Certificate represents that you have completed a course of professional makeup training. The Certificate also acknowledges that you studied under a Makeup Instructor who is a professional makeup artist currently working in the Entertainment Industry!This program is a fast track program for the working individual who wants to start their career as a makeup artist in the shortest amount of time. The class consists of lecture -demo-application for each section. The class is fast paced but precise.9am-10am MAKEUP THEORY* History of Makeup trends and styles from ancient times to contemporary times* How does color work in makeup? Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Colors. Cool and Warm Colors. Analogous Colors. Blending colors. Learn how all interact and how to use them.* Complementary colors- How and when to use them* How to choose makeup color based on Skin Color, Eye Color, Hair Color10am-11am FOUNDATION APPLICATION* Foundation Color Matching* Foundation Selection- A crucial point in selecting a foundation shade is to recognize that the appearance of the shade in the container may not accurately gauge the color impact on the skin. Other times intentionally using a mismatch can achieve a desired result.* Foundation Coverage- Sheer, Light, Medium, Full. When to use each technique.* Foundation Formulation/Powders, creams and lotions- Oil and emollient, Oil-based shakers, Alcohol based, Powder based, Mineral Makeup, Water based, Water-based cream, Water-based oil-free, Silicone-based* Foundation application techniques11am-11:45am EYE AND FACIAL MAKEUP* Eye Theory- Eye Shapes, Concealer, Eye Base, Eyeliner, Eyeshadow, Highlighter, Brows, Eyelash Curls, Mascara* How to Create a Natural Eye Look* How to Create Smoky Eye Makeup/Red Carpet Makeup* Blush- The application of blush-on comes after the complete makeup/foundation and concealer has been put into place. Blush is also referred to as rouge. The proper use of blush can help liven up an ordinary face and bring out the radiance of an unusual one. How one applies blush makeup determines whether they can bring out the structural beauty of a face, add shape or refine a too-plump one and narrow it down or simply give your complexion the warm glow of youth.* Facial Shapes/Bone Structure Theory11:45am-1pm HANDS ON STUDENT DEMOING1pm-1:45pm LUNCH BREAK1:45pm-2:30pm CONTOURING AND LIPS* Contouring- Contouring is a method of shading and highlighting certain areas of the face to create different angles and focus points. Contouring can be used to bring out small cheekbones or give a square face some softer curves. Contouring creates a sense of balance, adding definition to your makeup with color.* Lips- Create a flawless mouth2:30pm-5pmHANDS ON STUDENT DEMOING", "Course levelIntermediateDelegatesThis course will be of benefit to anyone with a responsibility for business development and those who want to demystify the subject.OverviewThe day concentrates on the fundamentals to help people understand what marketing is - and what it is not - before reviewing practical things that you can do to influence clients, your firm's bottom line and to evolve a more client-focused and marketing-oriented culture within the office.Learning ObjectivesAt the end of this course delegates should be able to:Define marketing and the mix of issues that need managingPlan a business and marketing strategyDevelop a marketing cultureCreate business from existing clientsAppreciate best practice of the top 10key marketing toolsThis course satisfies the Solicitors' Code of Conduct Rule 5 for solicitors who manage or supervise staff.", "", "kk", "Whether you are planning a corporate outing, a charity event, or just a gathering for family ; friends, The Wigwam Golf Club offers three distinctly different golf experiences to challenge any group. We offer several golf tournament packages to make planning a memorable golf event easy and enjoyable. Choose a traditional scramble or select one of our unique Three Hole tournaments. We offer full service catering through Red Allens, or will happily reserve a private function room for you at The Wigwam if you prefer a larger celebration or gala. Golf is our business and our professional staff is ready to assist you.For more information, please visit:championshipplayerstour.com", "", "Aquazone is a Parkwood Leisures Swimming lesson programme thatoperates in partnership with the Amateur SwimmingAccociation National Teaching Plan. We offer Children lessons,adult one to one lessons.This event is @ North Devon Leisure Centre, and is limited to pre-registered members only.", "This event will be held promptley at 7pm on March 8th, 2012 at NCAA Hall Of Fame. 700 W Washington St Indianapolis IN 46204 Parking will not be included, you must pay at the machine before exiting the parking garage. Beverages and hors doeuvres will be available at no additional charge. Lets have a great time for charity!", "2ndANNUAL BONE MARROW CHARITY BALL AND CONCERT IS BACK AGAIN, LAST YEAR WE RASIED $200,000+ DOLLARS AN ITS ALREADY BEING SAID THIS YEAR WILL BE EVENT BIGGER.. WE HAVE MULTIPLE ONLINE TICKET OUTLETS AVAILABLE BUT THIS PAGE WILL FEATURE AND EXCLUSIVE COMPLIMENTARY 3 NIGHT STAY IN DOWNTOWN ATLANTA PEABODY, COMPLIMENTARY BREAKFAST AND SEMINAR DAILY ON HOW WE CAN HELP IMPROVE A VERY HARMFUL BUT DECREASING WITH OUR HELP DESEASE IN THE US.THE BALL WILL TAKE PLACE AT THE DOWNTOWN ATLANTA HIGH MUSEUM FOR CONTEMPORARY ART. MINUTES FROMT THE PEABODY HOTEL. FOR MORE INFO VISIT US ONLINE AT WWW.WEPROMOTEHEALTH.COM WE WOULDLIKE TO THANK EVERYBODY IN ADVANCE FOR THERE ATTENDENCE, THIS EVENT IS SURE TO BE A GREAT ONE. ALSO FOR SPONSORSHIP PACKAGES PLEASE CALL 205453-2547 FOR MORE INFO.ALL PROCEEDS WILL GO TOWARD BETTERING OUR FACILITIES IN ATLANTA, GA AS WELL AS GIVING FUTURE BONE MARROW PHYSICIAN SCHOLARSHIPS TO ELIGIBLE CANDIDATES.. FEEL FREE TO DONATE AS WEL AS STAY FOR THIS ENJOYABLE TIME FOR FELLOWSHIP.", "CALLING ALL ENTREPRENUERS, ARTISTS, PRODUCERS, PROMOTERS, DJS, RECORD LABELS, INDUSTRY EXECS ; MORE!!! South Fls sexiest networking event will be taking place @ Palm Gardens April 14, 2012!!!!! DONT YOU DARE MISS IT!!! MUSIC X FASHION, LINGERIE SHOW, CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES ; MORE......", "Georgias 5th District Republican Johnson invites you out the annual Green Schools charity and black tie banquet. The Green Schools commitee is one of Geogias most highly respected subcomitee caucus in the state and Friday, April 27, 2012 We will be giving back once again to further our continued success and growth.This event will take place at the Loews Hotel Atlanta Grand Ballroom, all invites and dues must be cleared via RSVP to http://johnlewis.house.gov/john-lewis/comittees-and-caucuses before arrival. Any walk-ups will have fill out a brief survey before entering.COMMENDATIONS ADMISSION - Includes Valet Parking, 3 course meal, Signature pen, discount hospitality lodging at the Loews Hotel Atlanta and 5th district 2012 awareness program.GENERAL SEATING - Includes Valet Parking and 3 course Meal.We are asking that all of the RSVP dress accordingly, and come prepared to have a wonderful time with the congressman. Thanks again for your support, if you have any questions there is a contact host option located on this page or you may contact our offices direct.The Equitable Building 100 Peachtree St., N.W. # 1920 Atlanta, GA 30303 Phone: 404 331-0947", "ENJOY:;Mick Ebeling;Executive producer, entrepreneur, and philanthropist;Mick Ebeling is founder of the nonprofit Not Impossible Foundation, an organization with a mission to take ideas that once seemed impossible to possible, when the right people are connected and empowered. The Not Impossible Foundation created the Eye Writer, an open source, DIY device which enables individuals with paralysis to communicate and create art using only the movement of their eyes.;;HONOR:;Maria Cuomo Cole, Advocate for the homeless and those in need;Maria Cuomo Cole has worked as a leading advocate for the homeless, victims of domestic violence and at-risk youth for the last twenty years. As Chair of HELP USA since 1992, the organization has grown to become the largest not for profit developer of housing and provider of jobs and services for the nation&rsquo;s homeless. HELP USA has served over 200,000 people.;;CELEBRATE:;Jamie Drake, Designer, author, and humanitarian;Author of some of this country&rsquo;s most glamorous spaces, New York-based designer Jamie Drake believes that the best d&eacute;cor expresses personality and place. His namesake multi-discipline firm, Drake Design Associates, has completed countless interiors for an impressive roster of clients and an array of product for notable manufacturers. Drake has long been deeply involved in good causes. He currently serves as the Chair of The Alpha Workshops, where he has been a board member for more than a decade.;;NATIONAL BENEFACTORS:;Herman Miller;Interior Design", "", "This Self-Assessment exam will be given on every Monday evening, ;begining July 9, 2012 from 7:00 PM til 10:00 PM. The exam is designed along the lines of the British Registry of Radiologic Technologists, given in written form, using the same content and format. The questions have been organized by a panel of educators with more than 85 years of teaching experience in radiologic technology. Every attempt will be made to grade these tests with the reports available before the participant leaves for home. This is an excellent review for your eventual certifying examination. The cost for this event is &pound;150 over and above the general registration fee.;You must be registered for the Seminar to write this examination. Exam scores will be available on Tuesday AM, however the exam will not be available for inspection. These are NOT given back to the student.", "Get ready to be Iconic with the GTAs livest wednesday night party.Each and every wednesday at Suite 811.Ladies get special treatment everynight, so bring your friends.Check out our online baller packagesT.Os hypest DJs throwing down every week alongside some of the cities best mic men.", "Camden Acoustic ClubLocation: Arch 635, 15-16 Lendal Terrace, London", "The Nightscrawlers have been throwing exceptional partiies for the west london crew. But now we going east to the Aquatairum Club.This is our second tim Nightcrawlers pool party in a week. After the amazing tuesday night debauchry after speaking to most of you. To the very high demand we have decided to throw another pool party. But this time we are having a brnch party as the venue is booked for anohter Olympic closing party. The venue was convinced easily to let us book it for brunch party after seeing tuesday nights success.However the tickets are very limited for this event unlike the last one as this will be a more personal and intimate party.  Also the venue has asked us to keep it limited We will be having an open bbq outside for every one to enjoy. The pool will ofcourse be open as well and looks like the weather is going to be bright. So we are in luck for a great brunch guys.Tickets:PS50 - Entrance + BBQ + Pool  Only 40 Availabe so first come first get PS450 - Entrance for 6 + Table + BBQ + Bottle of ChampageBring your swimming costumes you guys know the rules.Doors open 12pm till 6pmPlease buy tickets in advance to avoid dissappointment on the door.Thanks", "YOURS TRULYA NIGHT OF PURE LOVEVALENTINES NIGHT BEFORE 14TH , OLD AND NEW MEMBERS WELCOMEMEET THE MAN OR WOMAN OF YOUR DREAMSDRINKS AND FOOD ALL NIGHT INCLUDED IN FEEMUSIC AND RAFFLE DRAWSATCAROUSEL HOTEL663 New South Promenade, South Shore BLACKPOOLFY41RN", "Drinks are provided free of charge all through the night.;All requests played by DJ Neon to get the dance floor filled with all your favourite tunes;Will play contemporary music from the 60&rsquo;s, 70&rsquo;s 80s, 90s and current stuff!;Dress code to be smart but casual remember to be comfy;Please be aware this is a free end party ;For a token of &pound;50 annual membership we will keep you informed about all our parties;Or come along with your membership card if you have already registered;You wont regret the fee you have paid.;Come and meet that special one feel free.;We had over 250 people turn up at the last party so come join us on the 30th;;Q Hotel Chesford Grange; Kenilworth;Chesford Cottages; Kenilworth, Warwickshire CV8 2LD, United Kingdom", "", "PRINCE2&reg; Foundation and Practitioner Training including examinationsThe;HARRYBAKER Professionals;PRINCE2&reg; Foundation and Practitioner event is designed to maximise delegates&rsquo; potential in the PRINCE2&reg; training environment.Following confirmation of booking The;HARRYBAKER Professionals;will send the Pre-Course work to the delegate. This work consists of;1 Reading 3 chapters of the PRINCE2&reg; manual, &ldquo;Managing Successful Projects with PRINCE2&reg;&rdquo;2 Pre-course workbook to be completed by the Delegate and handed to Trainer at the start of course.3 70 multiple choice Questions to test your PRINCE2&reg; with detailed answersThe pre-course work on a The;HARRYBAKER Professionals;course will require around 15 hours of study prior to the course start date. The;HARRYBAKER Professionals;PRINCE2&reg; Foundation and Practitioner training event is an intensive 5 day course that includes the PRINCE2&reg; Foundation and Practitioner examinations within the course. Upon booking, Joining Instructions that describe the course location and other administrative details will also be emailed. In addition, delegates will be required to complete a MINIMUM of 2 hours homework each evening which will be set by the instructor.GUARANTEED LOWEST PRICE IN THE INDUSTRYPRINCE2 Training in luxury nationwide venuesIncludes pre-course material, manuals, exams and certificatesThe training course is fully accredited by the APMGVery high PRINCE2 delegate pass ratesCourses delivered by world class PRINCE2 Training instructorsEarning potential with PRINCE2 qualification ;between ;&pound;40k to &pound;85K *Note- Course fee include lunch and refreshments.Certificates will be issued after course", "", "orgypartylondon", "", "", "", "", "", "", "Well, were just about to launch a global promotional campaign for the course and to thank everyone who has shown interest in our work up to now, you can get free access if you sign up before Fri 21 June.All we ask in exchange is that if you like it, please take a second to write some nice words in a review. Of course, if you dont like it, feel free to not write one!Im pretty sure youll love it, theres some great stuff in there and all it does is apply the central concepts of the Everyday Mind Mastery 13x4, to the world of careers.", "Michael Buble are orchestrated to enjoy social events of onlookers as he comes back to the UK in 2013 with a restrictive show. Date: Saturday 13th July 2013 Time: 18:30;; Venue: O2 Arena MB - London, GB. For Booking michael buble tickets for michael buble shows in London with Premier Events, call 020 7283 4040 or book online. http://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/michael-buble-tickets/default.aspx", "jazeera sport event all in 50$", "August 2 - Washington, DC - Verizon Center Americas most wanted tour starring lil wayne with TI, 2 chainz and french montana", "", "", "Remember that time when you were little and one of your imaginary friends took your hand and led you into a world that looked like your only brighter? No? Me neither. Thats what Blue Man Group is like.;Blue Man Group combines music, technology and comedy to create a form of entertainment that defies categorization and appeals to people of all ages. Blue Man Groups shows have been described by critics as \"innovative\", \"energetic\" and \"wildly entertaining\". But the only way to truly understand Blue Man Groups global popularity is to see the show for yourself.", "", "Party all night Yes All night.. :", "Roger Waters sera en concert au Stade de France le 21 septembre 2013!", "This course has been designed to prepare participants to take the Project Management Institutes Project Management Professional PMP Exam, 2013 edition and is based on the information covered in the 11 areas of study used to formulate the exam, including the Project Management Body of Knowledge PMBOK Guide. This is an advanced level course that will count for 21 PMI PDU/Contact Hours. In addition to providing a comprehensive presentation and review of the material covered on the exam, this course will guide the student through the exam application and registration procedures. Included with the course are over 1000 practice questions and a Simulated Exam with Lesson Reviews and Lab Practicals to prepare participants to succeed.", "Producer's note The Amazon rainforest is home to some of the last hunter-gatherers left on the planet. These 'forest tribes' still exist in the way they have done for hundreds - probably thousands of years. One of the most remote and mysterious of these ancient peoples ... is the Zo-e. Only contacted in recent years, their language and way of life is little known to the outside world - and many of their secrets have yet to be revealed. Everything they eat, drink and skillfully create comes from the forest, and returns to it as they carry no more than their families with them as they move on.Our film captures the amazing life of one particular group of Zo-e, on their seasonal migration through their Amazon territory in search of food. This movement is governed not just bv their hunting seasons, but also through the planting and harvesting of manioc, which they set aside for the dry season when meat is scarce. We enter their intimate world through the eyes of one Zo-e family - Debu and her 5 husbands. Some of those husbands in their own turn have other wives or wives-to-be. Between them, Debu's husbands sustain their family well, though it's not always easy providing meat for themselves, their children, older folk along with their pet monkeys, tortoises and a canary whom they also consider to be part of their family. In another family, who share the same manioc gardens, we discover equally complex polygamous relationships. Here, one man Sinhu's 'lends' his beautiful young wife to a friend in exchange for assistance in the food gardens.Through our rich web of characters we discover an enchanting world where marriage bonds, love and sex are intricately bound with providing food for the family. From the newborn to the oldest folk, they all look to both each other - and the forest, for food. Sometimes that forest is bountiful - other times harsh. And in this film we see how Debu's family, and also that of Sinhu's, face important decisions as their continuing story of survival goes on, day by day Producer's notes.Director: Matt CurringtonYear of Production: 2006Running Time: 60 mins", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "IF YOU WANT TO BE FEATURED ON MY WEBSITE AND GET GREAT EXPOSURE TO MODELING AGENCIES, REGISTER HERE$25.002 OUTFITS/LOOKS75-100 PHOTOS5 EDITS", "Get your pre-memorial day party started with GLOW!! at Brooklyns only indoor/outdoor venue. Ladies 2 for 1 drinks all night", "This is a TWO DAY Launch Event at the beautifully $155 Million Upgraded Eden Roc Hotel directly on Miami Beach. Your ticket is good for both days, Saturday, September 24th and Sunday, September 25th. Be sure to call305 531-0000 for the special Global Gas Card room rate of only $149/night if you would like to stay on site.", "8 Laws, 8 Rules, 8 Ways to a Healthy Living. Our seminar highlights the eight laws to better health. Enroll in our next seminar and join thosands who have changed their lives in 60 days for the better and let the vitality of your health begin. ExerciseNutritionWaterSunlightBalanceFresh AirRestTrust", "Hello. I hope what you liked my last party? On this party we shall meet new year. I hope that you will like it, there will be many people in costumes and certainly Santa. as always there will be many competitions with gifts. I hope that even more people than last time will come. And I hope that somebody can find here love. You can come with the friends and meet it with us. I can not afford all this to pay. I hope that you can help me with it. I shall estimate any contribution to it. All of you come remember it, will be cheerful.", "", "Our ApproachILIs foreign language courses are tailored to suit the students specific needs and goals. We offer beginning, intermediate, and advanced class in each language.Our ClassesOur courses may be taken as a private tutorial, semi-private tutorial, special group course, or as group class at ILI. Because of our approach, students in our semi-private tutorial or special group course must have the same objectives in mind. For example, a group would consist og employees of a same company, embassy, or professional, or professional organization.LocationWhile most instruction takes place at the institute, it is recognized that circumstances may not permit some students within the washington, D.C area to attennd classes at our facilities.Cost:;$75 per 3 hour", "", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Maccabee Award Gala and Casino Night;;Temple Beth Shalom cordially invites you to a night of Music, Dining and Dancing;;Honoring Louis and Laurie Berman recipients of the Prestigious Maccabee Leadership Award;;Silent ; Live Auctions and chance to win an iPad 2;;Cocktail Attire", "MIAMI RAIN WOMENS B BALL TEAM HOST \"FLIRT\" THURSDAYS @ THE GARDENS *ULTIMATE LADIES NIGHT! LADIES IN FREE TIL 1AM ; DRINK FREE ALL NIGHT LONG! GUYS $5. COVER B4 12AM $10 AFTER, GUYS $5. DRINKS ALL NIGHT!", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Divinity Church is spreading the wordDare to stop violence ~ MakingABrighter Tomorrow.Register todayandwe will send an fabulous showtoyourcommunitysinging for you along the way... Dare To Stop Violence ~ Making ABrighten Tomorrow.Were looking for you to help ~ Dare to Stop Violence with us ~ Making ABrighter Tomorrowsee whatgifts we will be leaving in your communityalong the way.Diversity is our strength ~ Welcoming everyone equally is our passion.Our Campaign shows your support to Dare to stop the violence in the communities.We are going across North America to enlighten communities about acceptance ~ sometimes when we do not understand something we fear it ~ with fear comes aggression ; defensive behavior. We want to give the communities knowledge ~ with knowledge comes power and fear subsides.By giving the communities the knowledge ~ they will have the compassion for acceptance to Dare To Stop The Violence ~ MakingABrighter TomorrowWe are all equal ~ once we learn to love ; accept ourselves unconditionally then only then can we love ; accept others unconditionally.Dare to help stop violence ~helpby getting involved.As our way of giving back to the communities we have specialgiftsto give away duringthe tour. Wont you Dare To Stop Violence Today.~ Rent paid for a year~ Gas paid for a year~ Groceries paid for a year~ Car payment for a year~ Scholarship to school of choiceHelp us to help our communities get involved.Dare To Stop The Violence ~ Making ABrighter Tomorrow", "Expired Event - Thank all!", "", "The seminar is designed for the emerging artist who is serious about his or her art career. Every artist will receive a resource packet including a CD of essential documents and other reference materials.This is the original business and marketing seminar for emerging artists, designed to give practical information and advice towards a successful fine arts career. Each seminar is six hours long and all of the information and resources provided are useful to artists working in all media, including painting, sculpture and photography. The presenter Adwen Powel has given the \"Success as an Artist\" seminar to hundreds of welsh area artists, curators, teachers and other arts professionals since August of 1999. The issues covered and discussed are not based on theory, but grounded on actual experience.\"Success as an Artist\" seminar featured in The GazetteThe next \"Success as an Artist\" Seminar will be held on Saturday, October 6.The following issues will be covered during the seminar:Materials- Buying materials: lowering your costs- Presentation- Conservation issues- Archival Matting and Framing- Limited editions - signing and numbering- Prints vs. Reproduction- Iris Prints Pros and Cons- Creating a Resume- Building a Portfolio- Juried Shows- Strategies for Getting Accepted- How to photograph your artwork- Selling your art- How to write a press release- PublicityGalleries- Vanity Galleries- Co-Operatives- Commercial Galleries- Non-profit Art spaces- How to approach a gallery- Gallery/Artist Relationships- ContractsOutdoor Art Festivals- Resources- Display systems and tents- Best shows and ones to avoid- Accepting Credit cards- NationalAlternative Marketing", "This is fake event !!!", "One LoveDance hall Raggea night Party2012Sunday October 21, 2012atWater Club500 E 30th St, New York, NY 10016$40 per personVip Ticket $200 Includes - Full course Buffet DinnerBy Claudette CateringComplimentary Champagne Reception upon arrival,Party Favours, door prizes and awardsCocktails:10:00pmDancing til Late... Late!!Entertainment by Hot! Hot! DJsIn The House, Socat ; DJ KenyonNO Walkup Sales :: NO Minors :: Limited Ticketsattendee must provide id to match with names on credit card used to purchase ticket.Security In effectContact:John Michaels @ johnmichael748@gmail.comTelephone: 908-922-6292show starts at10:00PM", "A personalized plan for increasing personal income. Together we look at your current income and we help you find ways to help you make more money. You receive an individualized plan to help you reach your goals and earning potential. In addition you receive three sessions of one-on-one counseling. Additional counseling available at $20 per session.", "The purpose of the event Invite family, adults, teens, married, and single people to gather and learn more about the power of purity in there life's and the benefits of living chaste.Our goals To open the eyes of the teens and young marriages to a more pure and better life, to teach them the ways and guide them to a better way of living with the help of God.How are we going to do this?By offering event in which we will bring experienced speakers, who will talk about the struggles and confrontations that teens go through on a daily basis. During the event we will provided; Information of groups who offer help according to every person's necessity. An artistic spontaneous photoshoot with the people you attend the event, to conserve the memories experienced. Delicious Mexican food to enjoy with your family and friends. By purchasing a ticket you will get a chance to enter the raffle and win a family photoshoot and variety of other prices.*To support our event wear a white t-shirt as a symbol of striving towards a pure life.Thank you for helping make this event possible by purchasing tickets, spreading the word to family and friends, or simply attending the event and learning about chastity.", "", "Yoruba Language TeachingIts happening again at the same venue in the city of Dallas, For those who has attended the course previously are allowed to invite others the address will be emailed to all of you after the closing online evnt.Thanks for your time.", "", "", "VIP Admission Pre-Sale ;;VIP Admission starts 1 hour early for exclusive access to limited releases, small batches, and unique casks of real ale. Exclusive VIP area available throughout the festival, with full hospitality of limited edition releases, separate restrooms, and complimentary refreshments. VIP Admission runs until 6pm and comes with 10 tasting tokens, and a commemorative Maryland Craft Beer Festival. Ages 21+ Must show ID at gate to enter. VIP Admission is $40 at gate.", "George Roger Waters is an English musical performer, artist, musician and songwriter . He was the founder of Pink Floyd and co-lead vocalist.He turned into the bands lyricist, vital musician and reasonable pioneer. In 1990, he arranged one of the biggest and generally unrestrained shake shows in history, The Wall &ndash; Live in Berlin, with an official participation of 200,000.Buy tickets for Roger Waters concert at Wembley Stadium London, UK from 13th September with Premier Events. Purchase your Roger Waters tickets, call 020 7283 4040 or book online. Visit it https://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/roger-waters-tickets/roger-waters-the-wall-live-tickets/wembley-stadium-football-london-gb-tickets/14-09-2013-006212.aspx;", "Yatch Summer PartySummer is here, lets have a season of jamz and flairs with some of the finest Music and Drinks all in a cruising Yatch. You dont wanna be left out of this remarkable one day summer party.Ticket includes Yatch Cruise, Buffet and all types of champaigne drinks.", "", "A water project costs more than a well.A comprehensive, sustainable water project costs time, commitment, investment in people, a willingness to measure and admit both success and failures, and a passion to care for people more than hardware.The Water Project is working very hard to build long-term, truly sustainable water projects that are held to a measurable standard of success over the long term. Were less interested in an ever growing tally of projects than we are in seeing lives changed.So...how do we do that? In the sections that follow, you can read about the process we have developed so far. Were always measuring, always questioning and always learning - so this will change as we learn.As we like to say, if this were easy, itd be done already.", "When, Where ; WhatOne, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central Florida. Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles. Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz. Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.A massage therapist will be available after the rides for those who push too hard. For your safety bicycle helmets are required and please be courteous to all motorists and cyclists. We look forward to seeing you again or for your first time. Early registration is highly recommended as lodging may sell out.. Early Registration Deadline June 21st, event T-shirts will be guaranteed for riders registering by this deadline. No refunds after this deadline.", "One, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central Florida. Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles. Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz. Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.", "A Celebration of National Leadership in the ArtsEvery October, Americans for the Arts leads the country as we celebrate our cultural riches through National Arts and Humanities Month. The Americans for the Arts National Arts Awards serves as the focal point for these nationwide celebrations. Americans for the Arts Board Member Maria Bell will once again serve as chair of this extraordinary event.The National Arts Awards represents a unique opportunity for 500 of the worlds top artists and philanthropic and corporate leaders to come together annually to recognize and celebrate the achievements of individuals and corporations who have exhibited outstanding leadership in the visual and performing arts, arts education, and philanthropy. View our full list of past honorees.;;;;;;Slate of honorees coming soon...The 2013 National Arts Awards are sponsored by:The Bell Family FoundationThe Eli and Edythe Broad FoundationIsabella and Theodor Dalenson", "When, Where ; WhatOne, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central Florida. Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles. Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz. Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.", "", "Food Night In Awan House Karachi Pakistan .. this is my personal House, Foods are Chicken Broasts, Zinger burger, Club Sandwich, ColdDrinks and much more..Come and Enjoy with Us..", "National Ballet of Canada: Jewels", "Players will be separated within the bracket by 1 order of registration whether online or in person and 2 crew affiliationSeparate winners and losers bracketsFor the last 8 undefeated players, rebuys will be automatic and free of chargeIf a player suffers his first loss in the grand finals, he will be granted an immediate rematch / tie breaker / final win or go home match for the championshipTournament prizes are guaranteed and will be paid in cash immediately: minimum $2,000 for 1st place and $500 for 2nd place.New! Thanks in part to an increase in anticipated player participation for the Xbox 360 tournament $500 will be added to the 1st place prize and $100 will be added to 2nd place for Xbox 360 only.The entry fee is $80 per tournament and rebuy fee is $40. In the final 8, rebuys are free of charge.Game rules and settings:Abusing game glitches, annoy tactics, and sideline coaching will have severe penalties. ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY will be in effect toward unfair manipulation of the game. If you suspect cheating please notify the staff immediately. We will deduct points resulting from rule violations and disqualify/eject uncooperative players and spectators.Banned plays are QB DRAW and QB WRAP. Other specific confirmed glitch plays may be added to the ban list at any time including mid-game if blatantly abused. Make sure you have a wide variety of plays in your game plan because you might have to win without your favorite play.You must BRING YOUR OWN CONTROLLER or two controllers if you are playing on both consoles. No programmable, turbo, or modded controllers. If it is your turn to play and you do not have a controller, you have 5 minutes to find one or else your game will be forfeit.4 minute quarters, 5 min in the championshipALL-MADDEN SKILL, HEAT SEEKER OFF, with all other settings set to DEFAULT. Individual settings can be changed on game by game basis if both players are in agreement.Pausing the game requires burning a timeout. If you pause for more than 5 minutes, you must burn another timeout.Rosters and software patches will be last updated 7 days before the tournamentNo custom playbooksReal NFL teams onlyHome field advantage:Before championship - to lower rank team, or by coin flip if same teamChampionship - to undefeated player, or by coin flip if both players have 1 lossOn-side kicks only allowed if losing in 4th quarter, defense cannot touch the controller during non on-side kicks, no fake kicksSkunk/mercy rule before the Final 8 only: 21 pt lead in the 2nd half + possession = automatic winEvent Registration:Tournament entry fee of $40 or spectator fee of $20 may be paid by cash or credit/debit card at the door. Must have parent permission if under age 18.", "Golden Globe, San Francisco International Film Festival 1994 Golden Conch Best Non-Fiction Film, Bombay International Documentary Film Festival 1994Peabody Award 1998 1992 Entrevues Film Festival Won Grand Prix French Film and 1992 Grand-Prix du Festival de Belfort France1992 Grand-Prix du Festival dei Popoli Florence, Italie1993 Grand-Prix du Festival de Vancouver Canada1993 Prix << Tiempo de Historia >>, Festival de Valladolid Espagne 1993 Prix Humanum, decerne par l'Association de la Presse Cinematographique de Belgique1994 Prix du meilleur documentaire, Festival de Potsdam AllemagneThe films and methods of Nicolas Philibert, maker of Etre et avoir, have shown him to be one of contemporary cinema's most acclaimed documentarists. In The Land of the Deaf is an elegantly spare and thoughtful portrait of the rich, diverse, but often isolated culture of the deaf community. The film has tremendous power and value: it educates and transports us to another way of occupying this world, and it does so in a pleasurable, unrushed and intelligent fashion.Washington Post Review by Richard Harrington'Nicholas Philiberts award-winning French documentary \"In the Land of the Deaf\" does much to dissolve borders of ignorance that keep the hearing from appreciating the culture and the language of a constituency 130 million strong worldwide that might be more easily recognized if it were ethnically or racially defined, or perhaps had its own cuisine. But this sensitive documentary makes it clear that the deaf are, in all but one sense, no different from any other group, embracing the same range of personalities, sharing the same dreams, experiencing the same emotions. Like any group with a crucial commonality, the deaf are also unique. Philibert approaches their world in a surprisingly sensible manner, letting his subjects sign for themselves. There is no intrusive narration and no heavy-handed polemic, just the observed expression of children learning to speak, a young couple getting married and a marvelous teacher of sign language with time and memories on his hands. Jean-Claude Poulain, who teaches sign language to hearing adults, provides both historical context and insights into complexities of deaf culture. The fiftyish Poulain recalls that when he was a child, his hands were tied behind his back in an effort to make him talk; now Poulain is a quiet crusader in the deaf-rights movement, pushing for bilingual education French/sign. Blessed with a poignant Jacques Tati face that reflects immense passion and pathos, Poulain is a story-signer of the highest order. At one point, referring to his hearing daughter, he confesses, \"I had dreamt of having a deaf child -- communication would be easier. But I love her all the same.\" Offhanded but revealing, that twist is repeated later when a young man in a bar signs family history, noting that he comes from five deaf generations that have included the occasional hearing child \"poor thing\". The more common situation of deaf children born into hearing families is revealed in the recollections of several college-age kids who grew up feeling excluded. But Philibert who is not deaf is not out to demonize the hearing. The only villain here is ignorance. Philibert suggests the complexities of both emotions and politics in the world of the deaf, and some of the films most poignant moments capture the interaction of teachers and youngsters struggling patiently to create public sound out of private silence. All the kids are engaging, but one in particular, 6-year-old Florent, is a genuine heartbreaker. Blessed with huge, inquisitive eyes, Florent is first seen struggling with a tear-drenched writing assignment; at films end, though, hes revealed as a playful, loving and loudly mischievous child, dealing with his condition, not burdened by it. \"I look so I can hear,\" Florent explains, and you understand why hes been blessed with those eyes. The importance of sight and sightlines is apparent. After all, sign language is a matter of hand-eye cooperation. Every gesture tells a story, and Philibert captures the rush of signs, the liquid loquaciousness of chattering hands, the body French of subjects whose mode of expression is as varied, lively, intense, rich and witty as any with sound attached. And, Poulain explains, theres a practical edge to consider: There may be different dialects of sign language around the world -- he signs specific examples -- but common grounds allow for quicker communion than might be possible for the hearing, with their disparate languages. In this documentary, there is sign language, spoken French and English subtitles that cover the first two elements. And gradually, it is the sign language that comes to seem clearest, demystified by Philiberts respectful attention and empathy. Theres one other charming tableau involving a young deaf couple, Hubert and Marie-Helene 95 percent of the deaf marry within the culture. Philibert captures their wedding, where natural nervousness is heightened by the challenge of an essentially literary ritual, and later includes their apartment search made difficult because of intense communication problems with a landlord and the arrival of a baby. But the traditions and centeredness of the deaf community are most apparent in a scene from the wedding party, which includes both deaf and hearing folk, and features loud music and dancing. At one point the music stops, but Hubert and Marie-Helene keep on dancing, secure in themselves and their silent world. In the Land of the Deaf is not rated and doesnt need to be.' \" A brilliantly perceptive view of deaf peoples lives\" - The Daily Telegraph \" Must not be missed\" Le Point \" Go see this film... thrilling\" - Le Figaro Director: Nicolas PhilibertYear of Production: 1992Running Time: 99 minsCountry of Production: France", "VERY FEW TICKETS REMAININGBOOK NOW TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENTTattoo 1975A argument against ideas of conventional beauty. Influenced by the imagery of Allen Jones, the film marks the rise of alternative culture and constitutes a brilliant testimony to the times in which it was made. Dressing for Pleasure 1977Banned by London Weekend Television, the centres around AtomAge - a magazine for fetishists and the shop Sex run by Vivienne Westwood and Malcolm McLaren the only place that openly sold fetish latex wear and was a hang-out for punks. Britannia 1979A group of volunteers restore an old locomotive. The theme of resurrection runs throughout the film. Arrows 1980The darts champion Eric Bristow is presented as a modern gunslinger. Not simply a film about a sports celebrity, but about a nation.The Skin Horse 1983In this unique documentary disabled people talk about their sexual needs. Making powerful references to Brownings Freaks and Lynchs The Elephant Man, the film questions societys views on disabled people and takes a critical look at the mechanics of institutionalisation.", "Course Contents:&gt;&gt; Introduction to QTP * Introduction to Automation * Advantages ; Limitations of Automation Testing * Fundamentals of QuickTest Professional QTP * Benefits of QuickTest Professional * QuickTest Professional User Interface * Add-In Manager and Add-ins in QTP&gt;&gt; Record and Create Simple Scripts * Preparing to Record o Review Documented User Steps or Test Cases o Identify the Application Under Test AUT o Prepare the Test Environment * Create Basic Tests Using Recording o Create and Save Basic Tests o Execute Tests o Understand QTP Results &gt;&gt; Objects and Object Repository * What Do We Mean by Objects? * Using Object Spy * Identify Objects and Their Properties * Discuss basics of the Object Repository * Working with the Object Repository * Utilizing a Shared Object Repository o Local versus Shared Object Repositories o Use the Object Repository Manager &gt;&gt; Adding Synchronization * Introduction to Synchronization * Add Synchronization Steps * Types of Synchronization * Global Object Synchronization Timeout * Synchronization Point using Wait Property &gt;&gt; Standard Checkpoints in QTP * Enhance Tests with Checkpoints * Types of Checkpoints * Use Regular Expressions &gt;&gt; Using Parameters * Parameters and Types of Parameters * Use Input and Output Parameters * Environment Variables * Enhance Checkpoints with Parameters * Create Data Driven Tests &gt;&gt; Working with Actions * What is an Action? * Types of Actions * Define a Test with Multiple Actions o Create a New Action and Action Settings o Make Action Reusable o Create Multiple Actions from a Single Action o Use an Existing or Copied Action * Use Global and Local Data Sheets&gt;&gt; Adding Custom Checkpoints * Create a Custom Checkpoint * Compare Captured Values with Expected Values * Use Debugging Tools * Report the Step Outcome with a Reporter Event &gt;&gt; Database Checkpoints in QTP * Define Database Checkpoints * Create SQL Queries * Insert a Database Checkpoint * Parameterize a Database Query &gt;&gt; Solving Object Recognition Problems * Run Modes in QTP o Normal Recording based on Object Model o Analog Recording o Low-level Recording * Use a Bitmap Checkpoint * Working with Virtual Objects * Introducing the Ordinal Identifiers&gt;&gt; Working with Recovery Scenarios * Create a Recovery Scenario * Associate a Recovery Scenario with a Test&gt;&gt; QTP Expert View * Understanding Expert View * Introduction to VBScript or OOP * Translating Steps&gt;&gt; Using Expert View * Using the Step Generator * Entering Steps Manually and Coding * Debugging QTP Scripts o Breakpoints and Step Method o Smart Identification o Base Filter and Optional Filter Properties&gt;&gt; Object Properties * Retrieving Properties of an Object * Test Object and RunTime Object * Set/GetTOProperty and GetROProperty Methods * Using Constants and Variables * Using the Report Utility Object&gt;&gt; Working with Dynamic Objects * Using Dynamic Objects * Building a Programmatic Description&gt;&gt; Using VBScript * Introduction to VBScript * DataTypes, Variables, Constants * Using VBScript Operators, Statements, and Functions * Conditional Statements, Looping Statements * User defined and Built-In functions in QTP&gt;&gt; Working with Dynamic Data * Retrieving Data * Using Looping Statements * Using the Data Table Object&gt;&gt; Retrieving External Data * Importing Data * Working with Databases and File Systems&gt;&gt; Creating New Procedures * Working with Procedures * Building a Library * Using a Procedure in Different Scenarios&gt;&gt; Exception Handling in QTP * Overview of Exception Handling * Handling Exceptions Through Recovery Scenarios * Handling Exceptions Programmatically", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "", "We will rock you one more time tonite !!!!!! * Time : 6:00pm - 11:50pm, August 2th, 2011 * Location: Cly Main Building, 170-A Wenatchee Common,Fremont, CA 94539-5847 Second floor  * Agenda:06:00pm - 06:30pm : Welcome06:30pm - 07:30pm : introduceeach boy band!  5 bands  07:40pm - 08:20pm : Enjoy your meal 08:25pm - 11:20pm : Rock you ; rock me $ rock us 1120:pm - 11:50pm : Bye Bye my FriendsWe hope the above date will be convenient for you. Look forward to welcome you all at the event.Yours faithfully,", "", "PRESALE SECTIONS AVAILABLE 6PASSES ; 3BOTTELS FOR $2750.00CALL 407-802-9631 TO BOOK YOUR SECTION", "", "", "", "COME BE WITH THE KIDS OF SHANDS FOR THERE 9TH ANNUAL BENEFIT CONCERT AND LUNCHEON. ALL PROCEEDS GO TO A WONDERFUL CAUSE TO HELP OUR FIGHT AGAINST LEUKEMIA. PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR MORE INFO..http://www.livestrong.org/Get-Help/Get-One-On-One-Support?gclid=CIaJuaPgya4CFQNntgodhSq-AA;WE HAVE ALSO SCHEDULED A GRAND TOUR OF THE NEWEST LEUKEMIA FACILITY IN ORLANDO AND MEET AND GREET WITH ORLANDO MAGIC PLAYER DWIGHT HOWARD MONDAY STARTNG AT 2PM AVAILABLE TO ALL OF OUR VIP GUEST.PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW AND ALSO ENTER TO WIN AN ALL EXPENSE PAID TRIP TO LAS VEGAS. MANY CELEBRITY GUEST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS..;HOSTED BY REPUBLICAN PARTY CANDIDATE TO BE ANNOUNCED.", "", "Calling all golfers! Get ready for the 7th Annual Emmas Miracle Golf Invitational to benefit Greater Orlando Childrens Miracle Network Hospitals.;Emma is a true miracle who has a big heart to give back. She;was recently;chosen to be the 2012 Champion child to represent the entire state of Florida!;Emma was born ;in;January of ;2005 and;immediately something was;not right.;Emma was transported;to Arnold Palmer Hospital;for Children for further;testing. Doctors discovered;that Emma had a heart;defect called Transposition;of the Great Vessels. Emma&rsquo;s pulmonary artery;and aorta were switched and she was not receiving;oxygen-rich blood; her heart circulated oxygendepleted blood through her body. To correct the;problems Emma would require multiple open-heart;surgeries over a number of years.;At one week old Emma had a shunt implanted;in to her heart which was the size of her tiny fist. In July 2005, at six months old, Emma had her;second surgery called the Glenn procedure to;begin the process of redirecting the blood flow;through her heart.;April 29th, Shotgun;start;at 1:00 pm;TO DOWNLOAD THE BROUCHURE PLEASE VISIT:http://www.gocmn.org/sites/default/files/events/files/7th%20Annual%20Emmas%20Miracle%20Golf%20Invitational%202012_0.pdf;", "", "LIDF2012/PORTOBELLO POPUP PASSES", "Gilad and All that Jazz - GALA NIGHTVenue:Soho Hotel30 May 2012 7:00 pmGolriz Kolahi | United Kingdom | 62 mins", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "The Prepare/Enrich certification workshop is a required six hour workshop and is designed to help facilitators learn how to use the Prepare/Enrich program with premarital and married couples. Registration fee includes resource kit, training from an experienced pastor and facilitator, lifetime ID number, lunch and a free Prepare/Enrich assessment $29.95 value.", ";Dear Friends,;;Pastor Keith Warner, First Lady Shwanda Warner, and the Live Oak Missionary Baptist Church are pleased to announce the;Relationship Revelation Conference featuring many guest speaker from across the country, ending the day with a full speaker panel Q;A. This year&rsquo;s exciting event will take place on September 22nd;from 9am-4pm at Live Oak Missionary Baptist Church. We would like you to come join us in the fun while we explore the messages expressed by Jesus Christ on relationships. We will praise, worship and discuss what the Bible tells us about our relationships.; There will be various topics for all types of relationships that will be discussed such as singles, married, divorced and widowed as well as a concluding panel. Registration is currently underway now. You must be at least 18 years of age to attend. Registration fees are list below.;Pre Registration for College Students -$5Pre Registration for Non College Students - $10Registration at the door for College Students - $10Registration at the door for Non College Students - $20;We look forward to seeing you there!!! So Pre-Register now and Save!!!!;;FAQs;Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event?Your answer goes here;Where can I contact the organizer with any questions?Your answer goes here;Is my registration/ticket transferrable?Your answer goes here;Can I update my registration information?Your answer goes here;Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?Your answer goes here;The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay?Your answer goes here;", "", "Binary options provide an affordable way to trade forex, stocks,commodities and stock indices.we will open give you a free online demo and also training with real time accountsBinary options open the investment door to \"regular\" people with \"regular\" income,and all the while enabling high rates of return over the very short term.Like any investment, though, you first need to be properly prepared and educated in order todetermine if binary options trading may be appropriate for you.This is our one day training workshop where we will provide all the answers to the unending question *Binary Options Starters Pack. *free demo account *live trade *one to one coaching *learn to trade with The most interesting instrument in the spotlight, the EUR/USD,which is dragging all other instruments with it, like Gold and U.S. stocks.and lots more for a token of PS60", "Heritage one ;entertainment ;presents ;Xfactor runner up Misha B All the way from London England performing Live ......MISHA B WILL BE PERFORMING HER NEW SINGLE \" DO YOU THINK OF ME", "This event is made annually in different location in the world this time Philippines was choosen to be the host of the conference.The Objective of this conference is to come up with different programs that will lessen up unemployment rate in the world.In this event people who are invited are the individuals who are concern in the rising unemployment rate all over the world.You are not ;just there to help people, you also have the chance to enjoy the spirit of naturalness at sagada mountain province;NOTE: This is made through the request of the event coordinator for the participants to avoid the hassle of buying their tickets at the event day particularly the ones staying in the US and CANADA.;Ticket includes 2 night stay at the guest house;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;And a Special tour to the Sumaging cave and Sunrise mountain..; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;We have a van at Baguio city to take the guests at sagada mountain province8 hours trip from baguio and transportation to take the guests back to baguio; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;;You can bring your Spouse with you or a friend...", "KASH KONCEPTS PRESENTS: RESOLUTION \"Year End Concert ; Afterparty\"Come celebrate with us as we start your weekend off bidding farewell to 2012@ CLUB ILLUSIONS - 260 So. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94306DOORS OPENS @ 9PMDOORS CLOSE @ 2AM21+ EVENTPRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE @ http://kashkonceptsresolution..com/3 of the hottest Bay Area artist will be hitting the stage in one BIG night performing their hit songs:Kafani \"She Ready Now\"Love Rance \"Up\"Clyde Carson \"Slow Down\"**********Special Celebrity Guest DJ Cookz of BETs 106 ; Park will be in the Mix***********Supported By:DJ Brandon BaileyPro Hoe Zak performing his new single \"Cookie Drip\"HOSTED BY:Arie RoseFlyyy ThaiSonnimaeThe After Five NetworkPersonal Touch Ent.RSVP Bottle Service:KashKoncepts@gmail.com/415-295-KASHFREE GIFT BAG with BOTTLE SERVICEDRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!NO HATS! NO WHITE Ts! NO ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR! NO EXCEPTIONS! Sponsored by Simpkins ; Chiang Investment Capitol ", "only boys aloud", "", "", "StyleParties have the pleasure to be ;be hosting The Valentine Ball on 15th February at the Stunning Kensington Roof Gardens Club in Kensington!Take your love one to party in style or come and find a new one if you happen to be single. There will be plenty of Valentines around ;;;;Doors open a 7pm ;and dance the Night Away in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden!!;As allways and to ;keep hunger at bay the Roof Gardens chefs will be serving a BBQ though the night in the heated spanish gardens.Guests that arrive between 7 and 8pm will benefit for a complimentary cockail at the bar.Dresscode is Valentine/ Red/ Smart/Glam/ Trendy/ Dress to ImpressAll the guests must bring id.;** Tickets are transferable but not refundable.;** These tickets are valid from 8pm-10pm only **;;**If arriving after 11:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk/ or contact 0788 959 7773 or quote Styleparties guestlist at the door.If you wish to book a table please email ;styleparties@hotmail.co.uk or contact 0788 959 7773start at &pound;500 minimum spend", "StyleParties have the pleasure to be hosting parties all through January and beyond at the Stunning Kensington Roof Gardens Club in Kensington!;Vip queu tickets at &pound;10 early birds.;;Enter In Style through the vip entrance, get hold of these precious tickets before they go!!These tickets are valid 10pm to 11pm only and ;Vip fast side left side.;;Doors open a 10pm and dance the Night Away with the best music in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden!!;As allways and to ;keep hunger at bay the Roof Gardens chefs will be serving a BBQ though the night in the heated spanish gardens.;Dresscode is Smart/Glam/ Trendy/ Dress to Impress!All the guests must bring id.Guests must be over 18 years old and ideally over 21 years old.Club may refuse entry if dress code is not followed or not arriving in good bad behavior.;** Tickets are transferable but not refundable.;** These tickets are valid from 10pm-11pm only trhough the Vip Entrance **;**If arriving after 11:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk/ or contact 0788 959 7773 or quote Styleparties guestlist at the door.If you wish to book a table please email ;styleparties@hotmail.co.uk or contact 0788 959 7773.", "StyleParties have the pleasure to be hosting parties all through January and beyond at the Stunning Kensington Roof Gardens Club in Kensington!;Vip queu tickets at &pound;10 early birds.;No more queuing for ages, no staying in the cold and rain.Enter In Style through the vip entrance, get hold of these precious tickets before they go!!This tickets are valid 10pm to 11pm only and ;Vip fast side left side.;Doors open a 10pm and dance the Night Away with the best music in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden!!;As allways and to ;keep hunger at bay the Roof Gardens chefs will be serving a BBQ though the night in the heated spanish gardens.;Dresscode is Smart/Glam/ Trendy/ Dress to Impress!All the guests must bring id.Guests must be over 18 years old;** Tickets are transferable but not refundable.;** These tickets are valid from 10pm-11pm only trhough the Vip Entrance **;**If arriving after 11:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk/ or contact 0788 959 7773 or quote Styleparties guestlist at the doorIf you wish to book a table please email ;styleparties@hotmail.co.uk or contact 0788 959 7773;", "\"Most people believe it will never happen to them, get trained and be there when it really matters!\"We believe it is important that everyone especially parents and other carers of children have at least a basic knowledge of First Aid so that you can be a help to yourself or others that may be injured. The chances of someone recovering more easily, or even surviving an accident or injury can be greatly improved if someone immediately uses first aid knowledge to help assist them.Our fun and informative workshop can help you make that first step to learning basic first aid which is a great life skill to have. Although this particular workshop is not certified it will give you the basic skills, knowledge and confidence to respond in an emergency situation and can serve as a taster to see if you want to continue your training and complete a fully certified first aid course.At this workshop all participants are made to feel welcome and fully integrated into the session by using a variety of proven training strategies which include videos, role play, games, practical sessions, quizzes and open discussion; this ensures you not only learn in a way that is best suited to you and enjoy yourself whilst doing so.FAQsQ. Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event? A. Yes due to the nature of this workshop it is strictly 16yrs + please bring some form of photo ID i.e. driving license or passport. Q. What are my transport/parking options getting to the event? A.Nearest tube; Harrow-on-the Hill 5 minute walk Parking:There is plenty of free car parking available after 6pm in the St Annes Shopping Centre car park. Q. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? A. Email info@thinktankconsultancy.com or call 0844 776 1670. Q. Can I update my ticket/registration information? A. Yes, you can update your information up until 30mins before the workshop starts. Q. Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the workshop? A. Yes, a valid printed ticket will be required to gain entry into the workshop. Q. What is the refund policy? Canceled Workshop - If your workshop is canceled, in most cases you wont need to do a thing: well inform you of the cancellation and refund the amount you paid for your tickets Replacement Tickets - If your ticket/s is lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed, please contact us and we will be happy to help.Refunds and Exchanges - All tickets for workshops are fully refundable up until 24 hours prior to the workshop commences. Q. The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay? A. No, the name of the ticket must match the attendee We will always try to accommodate you if possible, so if you have a problem with youre booking please dont hesitate to contact us.", "", "This is a fashion show to see the latest ideas by people.", "", "HELLO EVERYBODY! GREETINGS!;As Requested by many of our members, we are beginning a Juniors Book Club.;This club is for children age 7-16; There will be two different age groups 7-11 and 12-16.PARENTS, you are also welcome to come and join us having fun! Dont be shy!This will be an introductory session to understand the types of books they will want to be reading, and find ways to make the next few session as interesting and FUN as possible!SEE YOU THERE!!", "Rich Homie Quan Performing Live at Club Dejavue in Panama City, FloridaApril 27,2013441 Grace Avenue, Panama City, Florida;Performing Hit Singles, \"Differences\", \"You Cant Judge Her\", \"Type of Way\".", "Buy tickets for Roger Waters show at Wembley Stadium London, Uk from 13th September with Premier Events. We have more than 30 years of experience in the tickets and cordiality industry, ensured conveyance. To book your Roger Waters tickets, call 020 7283 4040 or book on the web.http://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/roger-waters-tickets/roger-waters-the-wall-live-tickets/wembley-stadium-football-london-gb-tickets/14-09-2013-006212.aspx", "", "gro&szlig;e tips und erfolggeschicht von experten,im bereich verkauf im internet", "Welcome to the biggest opportunity to save money. To bring diversity to the way we deliver products to our customers, our marketing team came up with this brilliant idea. We will be hosting a ONE DAY SALE to offer our special customers the biggest discounts we have ever offered. Any ticket you buy today will allow you entry to our One Day SALE and entitles you to certain special discounts. Feel free to buy up to 3 tickets per person.You can visit us on our webstie: www.pc-tronic.co.uk", "Rupert talks - to audiences as diverse as Google management and Special Forces soldiers - are inspiring, funny and challenging. His expeditions provide a spectacular, original case study of self-motivation, setting small targets to achieve outrageous goals, the rewards of risk and teamwork, the power of story-telling, overcoming difficult times and self-doubt, the magnificence of our world, and a call to arms that nothing is achieved without being bold enough to begin it. The lessons from the road.As well as the major adventures, Rupert's award-winning concept of microadventures -short, adventurous journeys close to home- encourage people to take practical steps to challenge themselves by undertaking adventures of their own and improving their physical health, mental well-being, and all-important work/life balanceRupert has presented to audiences on six continents, speaking for hundreds of schools, the Royal Geographical Society, TEDx, England Rugby, the British Army and corporate clients including Google, Ernst ; Young, BP, T-Mobile and Nokia.He has been selected as one of National Geographic's Adventurers of the Year.WE ARE BRING THIS SAME SAME EVENTS TO ENGLISH SPEAKING PEOPLE IN ANTES AND ALL OVER FRANCE.", "", "Le programme du Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; est de retour au Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly du 15 juin au 15 septembre 2013. Au programme, de nombreuses animations festives de tous genres propos&eacute;es tout au long de l&eacute;t&eacute; autour du jardin : lectures, siestes &eacute;lectroniques, contes, ateliers pour petits et grands, concerts, rencontres&hellip; Tout un &eacute;ventail de possibilit&eacute;s pour se la couler douce.;Que diriez-vous daller faire un petit tour du c&ocirc;t&eacute; du;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;du;Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly;? A nouveau, cette ann&eacute;e, le jardin du mus&eacute;e souvre &agrave; vous gratuitement pour vous offrir tout un panel dactivit&eacute;s &agrave; faire en famille ou entre amis. Des activit&eacute;s qui vous d&eacute;connecteront de la fr&eacute;n&eacute;sie parisienne le temps dun;conte, dune;sieste &eacute;lectronique;ou encore dune s&eacute;ance de;sport.Cette ann&eacute;e, le;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;fait &agrave; nouveau lEloge de la lenteur et invite les promeneurs &agrave; rencontrer, &eacute;couter et contempler. Prenez votre temps et prenez conscience de la biodiversit&eacute; des v&eacute;g&eacute;taux, voici les maitres mots de ce jardin dessin&eacute; par;Gilles Cl&eacute;ment. Dailleurs, un;parcours ludique en herbe interactif;en QR Code code-barre &agrave; lire avec son smartphone pour avoir des infos vous invite &agrave; venir &agrave; bout des secrets du jardin et d&eacute;couvrir les contes et l&eacute;gendes autour de sa muse : la tortue.Le programme de l&eacute;t&eacute; :Atelier en famille \"Prends-en de la graine\"Les petits botanistes en herbe sont invit&eacute;s &agrave; composer leurs \"boules de graines\" dans le mini-labo mobile une brouette customis&eacute;e, dans le jardin. Ces boulettes pourront ensuite &ecirc;tre diss&eacute;min&eacute;s dans la ville.Tous les week-ends de juin et de septembre, puis tous les jours en juillet et ao&ucirc;t de 15h &agrave; 17hLes pratiques amateursCet &eacute;t&eacute;, prenez le temps de venir vous initier &agrave; des pratiques sportives ou artistiques diverses prodigu&eacute;s par des associations confirm&eacute;s. Cest le tour du monde des activit&eacute;s qui vous est propos&eacute; cette ann&eacute;e.Les samedis 15 et 22 juin et 13 et 27 juillet de 15h &agrave; 18hLe Jardin des contesVenez suivre l&rsquo;histoire depuis sa racine en &eacute;coutant les r&eacute;cits des conteurs du mus&eacute;e. Qu&rsquo;elles viennent des &eacute;tendues d&eacute;sertiques du Sahara, des jardins de th&eacute; des versants de l&rsquo;Himalaya ou des for&ecirc;ts tropicales d&rsquo;Amazonie, ces histoires vous racontent les liens myst&eacute;rieux qui unissent les hommes et les plantes.Gratuit dans la limite des places disponibles, tous les week-ends, de 14h0 &agrave; 15hLes livres nomadesEn suivant les sentiers qui traversent le jardin des mousses et longent le th&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, vous acc&eacute;derez &agrave; une entr&eacute;e secr&egrave;te du salon de lecture. Ici, une s&eacute;lection d&rsquo;ouvrages autour des th&eacute;matiques du Jardin d&rsquo;&eacute;t&eacute; est &agrave; votre disposition : vous pourrez les emprunter le temps d&rsquo;une pause lecture dans le jardin.En acc&egrave;s libre du 15 juin au 18 ao&ucirc;tJeux sous la roseraieDes jeux venus des 4 continents attendent petits et grands sous la roseraie tels que Fanorona de Magagascar ou encore Bagh Chal du N&eacute;pal...LecturesDes lectures par un duo fran&ccedil;ais-congolais pontuent l&eacute;t&eacute; des visiteurs du jardin. Diff&eacute;rents genres litt&eacute;raires sont abord&eacute;s roman, po&eacute;sie, nouvelles, th&eacute;&acirc;tre... pour d&eacute;couvrir des auteurs du monde entier. Et si vous voulez vous lancer, des initiations de lecture &agrave; voix haute vous sont ouvertes.- Lecture &agrave; voix haute samedi 13 juilletet dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 14h30- Initiation de lecture &agrave; voix haute dimanche 23 juin, samedi 13 juillet et dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 15h30- Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite dans la limite des places disponibles, r&eacute;servationsalondelecture@quaibranly.frSiestes &eacute;lectroniquesVenez faire la sieste en &eacute;coutant des DJ sets exclusifs r&eacute;unissant &agrave; chaque fois deux artistes. Pour cette occasion, la m&eacute;diath&egrave;que du mus&eacute;e ouvre aux DJs invit&eacute;s sa collection de musiques venant des 4 coins du monde.Dimanche 7, 14, 21 et 28 juillet de 16h &agrave; 18hUn week-end en Cor&eacute;eCette ann&eacute;e, le mus&eacute;e du quai Branly accueille une programmation exceptionnelle dans le cadre de;Paris Quartier d&eacute;t&eacute;, avec les groupes Be-Being et Noreum Machi.Acc&egrave;s libre dans la limite des places disponibles les vendredi 19, samedi 20 et dimanche 21 juilletTh&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, jardin du mus&eacute;eBref, un joli programme pour se d&eacute;tendre et samuser, le tout sans un rond, cest tout b&eacute;n&eacute;f.Infos pratiques :Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; au Mus&eacute;e du Quai BranlyDu 15 juin au;15 septembre 2013Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite", "THE PROMOTERS COLLECTIVE;PRESENTS;;ANKARA COUTURENIGERIAN INDEPENDENCE PARTY;ONCE AGAIN YOUR FAVOURITE PROMOTERS HAVE COME TOGETHER TOCELEBRATE NIGERIAS INDEPENDECENCE IN STYLE.EXPERIENCE NIGERIAS CULTURE THROUGH FASHION AND GLAMOUR, DANCE TO THE BEST AFROBEATS, HIP HOP, RNB, AND MANAY MORE;PURCHASE YOUR TICKET WITH OUR SPECIALLY CHOSEN ANKARA DESIGN. SHOWCASE YOUR INDIVIDUAL STYLE.;BEST ANKARA OUFIT WINS A PRIZE.", "Startup How To walks you step-by-step through the hard work that business founders must do to prove out their ideas and launch a successful product.This is a premier tutorial currently in use by top accelerators and incubators around the world. It is endorsed by Lean Startup creator Eric Ries, and our customers include 500 Startups, Singularity University, and the US Presidential Innovation Fellows. Whether youre a tech entrepreneur or simply learning how to apply lean principles, this course will set you on a productive path.This is a HANDS-ON workshop, not just talks. Allow yourself extra time at the end of each step to do the work and move your company forward.---If youre an active entrepreneur, there is no better online resource for getting started and moving forward efficiently.---With Startup How To, you get access to the COMPLETE set of and all of the handouts downloadable PDF files. Previously, the only way to access this material was to buy the bundled product directly from Luxr.The seven workshops in Startup How To cover:Document your assumptions about your customerDo GOOD customer development interviewsFigure out the key learnings from customer developmentHone your value proposition based on what youve discoveredUse that value proposition to prioritize your product featuresIdentify which metrics clearly show your products successRoot your whole business, and your product in a statement of vision and values.This isnt a \"how to\" curriculum, its an active experience, rooted in the principles of Lean Startup. Our promise is that if you give us an hour, well move your company forward.Dont take our word for it --&ldquo;Teams using the Luxr curriculum understand Lean Startup at a fundamental level.&rdquo;&mdash;Eric Ries, AuthorThe Lean Startup, and Luxr advisor\"If wed used this material six months ago, we would have saved hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not millions.\" &mdash;Bill Gross, Idealab", "", "I am a Vietnam now Im living in the U.S.. I sell food Vietnam", "Showcasing new ideas in email ; digital marketing, this dynamic event offers an immersive forum for cross-channel marketing attendees, speakers, sponsors and exhibitors to draw inspiration from one another and explore new technologies and techniques. For the past 5 years, we&rsquo;ve focused on the ever-changing and evolving world of email marketing, providing you with the best ways to capitalize on the high ROI this low-cost communication tool can provide both on its own, and integrated with social, search, mobile, video and other email enhancers.ConferencesHere are a few reasons why you need to find some time in your busy schedule and attend at least several marketing conferences this year.1. Learning and sharing knowledge.You will be able to capture knowledge of the latest trends and challenges facing the digital marketing industry, learn new tools and the most useful features and how to implement them in your marketing campaigns to move your business to the next level, get answers to questions which you are conscious about or get approval of the direction your business is moving to.2. Inspiring and generating new ideas.Since there are so many creative and bright people attending marketing conferences, they definitely share their new and genuine ideas with other attendees. You may be inspired by someone&rsquo;s presentation or personality, and that may lead to creating and considering your own innovative ideas or starting to thing about things differently.3. Building relations.Attending big gatherings is a great opportunity to meet new people, communicate with them, build partnership relations that will help your business to grow, or find sponsors for your new projects.Hope I have managed to assure you that participating in conferences is worth investing your time to.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastesIndividual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awarenessAn interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there!A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff!Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying adviceYou dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tastingA chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matchingOpinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; WineWe have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journeyLet us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discoveryLight and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastesIndividual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awarenessAn interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there!A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff!Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying adviceYou dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tastingA chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matchingOpinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; WineWe have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journeyLet us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discoveryLight and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Welcome!A God Send Ministries, Inc AGSM. is a spiritual development and training ministry commissioned by God to feed His flock.; Our prayer is that God is able to accomplish this through this church using the teachings that are guided and directed by the Holy Spirit.; Those who take advantage of this ministry and who commit to its teachings will be &ldquo;a God send&rdquo; to all they come in contact with. Visit our site to get more information. Our worship times are:Sunday:8:30 a.m. - Pre-service Prayer9:00 a.m.;- Disciples Institute10:30 a.m.;- Morning Worship;;", "", "The Global Entrepreneurship Institute has partnered with to securely process your online credit card donation. The online processing fee will be indicated.About the Global Entrepreneurship InstituteFounded in 1998, the Global Entrepreneurship Institute GEI is a non-profit 501c 3 educational organization with the specific mission ofeducating and supportingentrepreneurs around the world. Working as a global business incubator GEI facilitates introductions to investors, professional service providers, and other entrepreneurs. We have helped entrepreneurs raise over $100 million! Using our exclusive \"Roadmap to Entrepreneurial Success\" we have helped entrepreneurs raise over $100 million.We Are The Trusted Source For Educating ; Supporting EntrepreneursResearch your ideas for a new start-up, network and meet with other entrepreneurs from around the world. We are a nonprofit organization that supports educational activities at universities and colleges around the world. As a GCASE ONLINE Member you will have complete access to our Online Learning Center. We provide you the best resources for educating entrepreneurs.The foundation of coursework and program materials for our Online Incubator Program is used at the best business schools in the world that teach entrepreneurship. In fact, our books and course materials are used in the Top 10 of the best graduate programs in the USA that teach entrepreneurship, and 8 of the Top 10 best undergraduate programs in the USA that teach entrepreneurship.\"I attended one of your seminars way back in the day while I was an undergrad. I got a signed copy of your book, read it a few times, and have been off to the races since. After a brief stint in management consulting, I founded SocialVibe.com, which has since received over $12M in two rounds of VC funding and is healthy and growing with 30 employees and offices in LA and NY! Thanks for igniting the spark :-\"- Brandon Mills, SocialVibe.com", "", "", "If youre looking for a show thats a fusion of acrobatics, dance and visual effects, accompanied by a classic rock n roll soundtrack, then all you need is DANCE HALL.Show DirectorRichard SlatencallsDANCE HALLa \"Body n Soul\" The show is a slightly psychedelic journey through the trends and politics of the 60s and most importantly, The Beatles history, told through nearly 30 of the groups songs.AlthoughDANCE HALLfeatures some well-known Beatles songs, it is not meant to be a greatest hits show.The journey starts with the energetic \"Get Back\" at the scene of The Beatles farewell concert and then flashes back to Liverpool during World War II when the band members were young children.No journey through the 60s would be complete without a trip through the era of Beatlemania. Acrobats and tumblers on trampolines perform, accompanied by \"I Want to Hold Your Hand\" and \"Drive My Car.\"\"Help\" serves as the soundtrack for four extreme sports athletes who take the stage leaping 11 foot ramps on inline skates.\"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds\" and \"Octopuss Garden\" are the perfect backdrops forDANCE HALLfamous aerial ballet moves.The show even features a \"jam session\" created from authentic recordings of the four band members. All of the audio clips and music in the show are from actual recordings from The Beatles Abbey Road studio.The show concludes with its namesake \"All You Need is Love,\" as a montage of photos of The Beatles plays on huge screens, leaving the audience with a feeling of nostalgia for a bygone era.Besides The Beatles, the other star of the show is the 600-plus seat theater itself, which features 360-degree seating. There is not a bad seat in the house and the farthest is only 98 feet from the stage.The sound system is unlike any other - there are 6,341 speakers in the theater and patrons feel as though they are completely enveloped in sound. There are three speakers per seat -- two in each headrest and one in the seat in front of you.The theater also features a complex video system with 28 projectors and two 20-foot-high by 100-foot-wide screens, which contribute to the visual experience.DANCE HALLis not a typical show with high-flying trapeze artists, gymnasts and acrobats. Although there is some of that in the show, it is mainly a theatrical and dance-oriented show. The creators also wanted to bring a bit of the youth of today into theshow, showcasing extreme sports, break dancing and street dancing.In the end, its all about the music and if youre a fan of The Beatles, youll have nothing but love for this show.", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "*FINALLY* MIAMI GET READY! WE DIDNT FORGET ABOUT YOU! THE BIGGEST PARTY TO COME TO CAFE IGUANAS! NIGHT CLUB! MONDAY OCTOBER 3RD DOORS OPEN 8PM, R.KELLY PART 2, R.KELLY LIVE UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL @ IGUANAS! HE IS CELEBRATING THE ALBUM! LOVE LETTER! GENERAL ADMISSION IS ONLY $20 FOR TABLE ; BOTTLE RESERVATIONS PLEASE CALL, 954-433-8787 OR 786-800-4364", "Hello. I hope what you liked my last party? I have decided to arrange new party, it will be many times over last. I want to collect as many people on the party and are possible that there was cheerful. I already have agreed with musical group and with other entertainments. But I can not afford all this to pay. I hope that you can help me with it. I shall estimate any contribution to it. All of you come remember it, will be cheerful.", "The World Golfers Amateur Tour is open to all men and women amateur golfers with a USGA index of 25.4 or less. Players are divided into five flights based on their indexes. WGAT events are generally net stroke play within each flight. Top finishers in each flight will receive awards, Local order of merit points and non-cash prizes not to exceed $750.00 in order to to abide by the USGA rules of amateur status. Players who finish atop of the point list qualify for The USA National championship No Entry Fee The Five National Champions one in each flight will represent the USA at the World Golfers Championship and receive an ALL EXPENSE PAID golf trip to ZULU-NATAL SOUTH AFRICA to compete in a Olympic style, 72 hole, Team and Individual tournament against 40 other countries. THIS COULD BE YOU!!!", "Hi friends. I have solved to organize sports competitions, among the people who plays sports. We invite team consisting from 4 men to accept in it participation. Here there will be many competitions such as pulling of a rope, armrestling, and many other things. The winners receive a prize. I hope that many people will solve to participate it. I promise will be cheerful. Unfortunately I can not cover all charges on it, therefore from each team there will be a money payment. See you.", "THE PREMIER PROMOTIONS COMPANY ALONG WITH THE UNITED WAY PRESENT A SPECIAL NIGHT TO REMEMBER SAVING OUR YOUTH AND MORE IMPORTANTLY SAVING LIVES..FEEL FREE TO LEAVE A DONATION OR PURCHASE YOUR TICKET SECURELY THROUGH OUR WEBSITE.. FOR MORE INFO PLEASE CALL OUR BOX OFFICES..", "", "", "The Indianapolis Motor Speedway will be the epicenter of American stock car racing and North American sports car racing March 17, 2012, as the NASCAR Nationwide Series and GRAND-AM Road Racing will join the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for four exciting races during the inaugural Super Weekend at the Brickyard.It will be the first time in IMS history that races will take place on the 2.5-mile oval and 2.534-mile road course during the same weekend, and the NASCAR Nationwide Series and GRAND-AM Road Racing will make their IMS debuts.All four days of the Super Weekend at the;Indianapolis;will be packed with on-track action, providing great value for fans.", "", "The American Autism Association is a nonprofit organization dedicated to supporting families with autistic children.WE WOULD LIKE TO INVITE YOU TO THE FIRST ANNUAL CLEBRITY GOLF TOURNAMENT TO RAISE AWARENESS AS WELL AS RAISE CAPITLAS TO SUPPORT A GREAT CAUSE TO HELP ALL OF THE FAMILIES WHO HAVE SUFFERED WITH AUTISM. From the first time the question of an autism test comes up with your pediatrician, through the time-intensive and emotional experience of testing out various autistic schools and autism programs, we are here to support your family's unique journey. And we do it with compassion, diligence, and an eye to the big picture.Facing Autism 2012 TogetherThese days, more Americans are being diagnosed with various types of autism than ever. The good news is that there is a growing awareness of developmental disorders in general, and autism facts specifically.But the work is not done.Too many schools, preschools, and daycare centers still don't know how to best address autistic children's special needs. And the public at large needs to learn just how much our children have to offer, so long as they get the support and understanding they need.Providing our children with autism access to strong programs--even during times of financial hardship--makes them brighter, healthier, and better able to express themselves and feel comfortable in the world. And that is the key to bridging the gap. By caring for our children in the best ways possible, we are automatically educating our families and friends, and in turn raising awareness in our communities.SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 2012 ALL OF THE TICKETS HAVE BEEN SOLD OUT AND DONATIONS MADE HOWEVER YOU MAY TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE AVAILABLITY OF EXCLUSIVE TICKETS AVAILABLE ON .COM ONLY.. ALL TICKETS WILL BE BACK BY OUR MONEY BACK GUARANTEE AS WELL AS EXCLUSIVE VIP PACKAGES TO CATER TO OUR MOST ELUSTRIUST GUEST.. FOR MORE INFO PLEASE LOG ONTO OUR WEBSITE OR CALL OUR OFFICES AT 205453-2547.", "ON SKYPE ON THE EVENT DATESKYPE ID: RAYCRUZ4. Send us your skype ID via email so that we add you to our attendee list. Email us at tech@ksoftzshop.com after payment and add your ticket/order number. NO ORDER/TICKET NUMBER, NO ACCEPTANCE..", "New Los Angeles Events List;;First Steps To Success Seminar;Attend Dani Johnson&rsquo;s Next;LIVE 2 Day First Steps To Success Seminar!;;Los Angeles, California;March 24 ; 25, 2012;This Event Will Transform Your Life,;Explode Your Sales and Skyrocket Your;Income&hellip; Guaranteed!;;Learn prospecting skills of the pros and how to become a top recruiter;&bull; How to motivate your distributors;&bull; How to manage your time;&bull; How to set goals for growth in your sales organization;&bull; How to work with and motivate different personalities, including yourself;&bull; How to recruit different personalities and zone into their hot buttons to help them succeed;&bull; Secrets of teamwork and building loyalty;&bull; Powerful phone skills and building a long distance organization;&bull; Effective follow-up that produces results and increases your paycheck;&bull; How to hit top positions in your company in record time;&bull; Building a solid foundation;&bull; The difference between management and leadership;&bull; How to turn your excuses into results;&bull; Ego vs. bank account;&bull; Turning customers into distributors;&bull; How to get your customers to give you referrals;&bull; Building, motivating and maintaining a strong organizational team;&bull; Secrets to improving your communication skills;&bull; How to act instead of react;&bull; Mastering the basics of your business for consistent duplication;&bull; Identify areas in your life that are holding you back and how to take immediate steps to turn them around;;Attend Dani Johnson&rsquo;s Next LIVE 2 Day;First Steps To Success Seminar!;;Email jiimy.robertson@yahoo.com for DISCOUNTED LIST", "Summary:Tee Time - Sat 12:30pm register on website;Purse/Prizes:1st Place - $1250;Additional Information:Golfers of all skill levels are invited to compete. Women and Amateurs are welcomed.", "", "WE WOULD LIKE TO WELCOME YOU TOT HE 2ND ANNUAL WEST VALLEY UTAH ARTS AND CULTURE CHARITY AND FUNDRAISER WEEKEND 2012. WE ARE HOPING TO DOUBLE HE ATTEDENCE, DONATIONS FOR THIS GREAT CAUSE, INTRODUCE OUR SPONSORS AND MAKE THE COMMUNITY AWARE F WHAT OUR GREAT CITY AND THE WORLD HAS O OFFER IN REGARDS TO THE AR WE HAVE ON DISLAY AS WELL AS INSPIRE FUTURE ARTIST OF OUR DAYS TO REMAIN MOTIVATED.ALTHOUGH ALL OF THE TICKETS HAVE BEEN SOLD OUTS FOR A COUPLE DAYS NO PERSON WILL BE LEFT BEHIND. RIGHT NOW YOU CAN BUY OUR MOST EXCLUSIVE GENERAL AND VIP ADMISSION PASSES FOR THE ENTIRE WEEKEND AS WELL AS PURCHASE YOUR HOSPITALITY ROOM AT ONE OF OUR LOCAL SPONSORS THE EMBASSY HOTEL DOWNTOWN RIGHT HERE FROM . THE PACKAGE INCLUDES A 3 DAY 2 NIGHT STAY AND THE 4 STAR HOTEL CONFERENCE CENTER.THE LOCATION OF THE HOTEL IS:EMBASSY SUITES10 West 600 SouthSalt Lake City, UT 84101DOORS WILL OPEN TODAY PROMPTL AT 4PM AND REFRESHMENTS SOLD AT 5PM.. THIS SALE WILL BE AVAILABLE THE REMAINDER F FRIDAY AND ENDS SATURDAY AT 4PM. WE ENCOURAGE YOU ALL TO BUY YOUR TICKET NOW AND BE APART OF THE SPECIAL GUEST BANQUET AND SOCIALS NIGHTLY TAKING PLACE IN THE LOBBY FLOOR OF THE HOTEL. PLEASE REMEMBER SATURDAY IS A BLACK TIE EVENT SO COME DRESSED ACCORDNING LY.. IF YOU HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS VISIT OUR SPONSORS ONLINE AT http://umfa.utah.edu/ OR CALL THE EVENT CORDINATOR MR. RAYMOND ALEXANDER AT 205453-2547 AND HE WILL ANSWER ALL OF YOUR REQUEST ACCORDINGLY. WE ARE ALSO ASKING THAT ALL ATTENDEES BR PREPARED TO MAKE ATLEAST A $200 DONATION TO SUCH A WORTHY CAUSE TO HELP FURTHER THE EDUCATION AND BUY SUPPLIES FOR THE NEWL RENOVATED MEUSEUM.THANK YOU ALL...", "Manno Bernini Garment Company will be hosting the 2012 Spring/Summer Launch Event.;;At the Luxurious Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, Las Vegas, NV;;April 6-8 we have scheduled five fabulous events for your entertainment and pleasure.;;Friday from 9pm-2am we will be hosting the Old School All White Affair w/ special guest performances.;;Saturday from 10am-4pm will be our first ever Glamour Hair ; Make-up competition.;;Saturday from 6pm-9pm we will be hosting our spring/summer fashion show featuring 6 designers;;Saturday from 9pm-1am will be our official launch/pool party at the beautiful poolside cabana ; ballroom.;;Sunday from 1pm-7pm will be our day party with an exceptionally eclectic modern jazz theme.;;Restrictions:MUST BE AT LEAST 21 WITH PROPER ID NO EXCEPTIONS", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Accelerate the implementation of lean to maximize business results.;;Lean manufacturing processes have revolutionized the way that many leading enterprises deliver products to their customers and manage their supplier relationships. A key ingredient to achieve sustained operational excellence is an organization immersed in Lean thinking.;;Manex&rsquo;s Lean Simulation Workshop LSW combines classroom content with a hands-on simulation of a production facility, educating participants on using the Lean principles to enhance productivity. Designed for all levels of manufacturing personnel, the LSW teaches the fundamentals of Lean while providing a necessary conduit from concept and methodology to implementation on a shop floor.;;The LSW provides participants with the launch point for engaging the elements necessary to achieve and accelerate continuous improvement, productivity, profitability, and bottom-line impact using Lean. Our projects average more than 600% ROI &ndash; that&rsquo;s a $6 return for every dollar invested in these activities.;;The Power of Lean;&bull;90% reduction in lead time cycle time&bull;50% increase in productivity&bull;80% reduction in work-in process&bull;80% improvement in quality;&bull;75% reduction in space utilization;;Approach;Manex&rsquo;s LSW is a full-day session that introduces the basic concepts of Lean Manufacturing and incorporates three rounds of a manufacturing simulation, blending knowledge with a hands-on environment needed to reinforce the concepts and maximize the learning experience.;;Our experts use an application-oriented approach to learning and applying Lean throughout your organization. This practice-driven session focuses on the tools, processes, and thinking to structure Lean methods in your company. The day is designed to help you build an understanding of Lean concepts and principles and learn how to apply them to various business processes through the simulations.;;All of our experts are senior level managers with an average of 20 years of in-depth manufacturing experience. You will have the opportunity to discuss implementation issues with them and learn first hand from their experience.;;Classroom;Our Lean experts bring in-depth manufacturing experience and real-world examples while providing;one-on-one personal attention for each participant. Participants gain a detailed overview of the different Lean improvement tools and methods and the structural elements of an integrated production system.;;The Lean principles presented include:;&bull;Cellular Manufacturing;&bull;Visual Factory / Workplace Organization;&bull;Value-added Floor Space;&bull;Inventory Reduction;&bull;Scrap and Rework Reduction;&bull;Lead Time and Changeover Reduction;&bull;Standardized Work;&bull;Workforce Redeployment;;Simulation;Manex&rsquo;s LSW includes a three-round simulation to enable a much deeper and longer-lasting understanding of the Lean principles and their correlation to continuous improvement activities.;;For each round of the simulation, participants are assigned a unique work station on the assembly line of an airplane manufacturer. Complete with parts, inventory, quality control, and incoming customer orders, the simulation lets participants apply the Lean principles and tools into a real-life production process.;;After the first two rounds, production results are shared. Then, with coaching from the Manex facilitators, participants work as a team to refine the manufacturing process, recommend improvements, and implement changes for the next round.;;Benefits;&bull;Learn how implementing Lean techniques maximizes;business results.;&bull;Practice using Lean tools in a real-world manufacturing;environment.;&bull;Acquire the skills necessary to improve productivity;immediately.;", "John Scott plays The Clavier-&Uuml;bung III, sometimes referred to as the German Organ Mass, a collection of compositions which Bach published in 1739--his first published organ music.; It is considered to be Bachs most significant and extensive work for organ, containing some of his musically most complex and technically most demanding compositions for the instrument.; It is thought that the collections was written to commemmorate the bicentennial mof Martin Luthers sermon at Leipzigs Thomaskirche and of the citys official acceptance of Luthers Augsburg Confessions.; Bachs brilliant cycle of twenty-seven masterworks is united by a great musical and theological design, directly linked to Luthers Greater and Lesser Catechisms.; Although John Scott has played all the pieces at some point in his career, this year is his first opportunity to play the complete work in one sitting.;", "This event is no longer available", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Youve danced around with the idea...Now take a step towards your first ZUMBAr class withEmma Stonerand the Salsa Viva Dance team!Class ScheduleSample our NEW Tuesday morning \"Specialty ZumbarToning\" class with Cindy at BOUNCERS JOONDALUP - PS2.50 creche for Mums!! A New Year, A New You!Thank you for your continued interest in learning Zumbar with Salsa Viva Dance!We welcome you to sample any of our classes in 2012. Share the fun, social experience and sweat it out with a Friend!", "LIDF2012/ROXY BAR AND SCREEN PASSES", "Phnom Penh LullabyVenue:Portobello PopUP Cinema31 May 2012 4:00 pmPhnom Penh LullabyLondon PremierePawel Kloc |Poland| 98 minsAn intimate story of a man looking for love and acceptance....read more", "RadiciVenue:The Horse Hospital1 June 2012 9:00 pmRadiciUK PremiereCarlo Luglio |Italy| 60 minsThe film is a musical journey with Enzo Gragnaniello through the magic, mythology and history of the Neapolitan underworld. Gragnaniello, together with the Sud Express, mixes his own music with other Neapolitan artists. A light \"musicarello\" of the past and present. An evocative musical and visual narrative revealing the local beauty and vitality too...read more", "Solo, Piano - NYC + The Man Who Got Away + MetroVenue:The Horse Hospital2 June 2012 6:00 pmSolo, Piano - NYCEuropean PremiereAnthony Sherin |United States| 5 minsOn a cold winter morning, a lone piano stands curbside in New York City. All day long, passersby stop to play. They collect and disperse, measure and push. Who abandons a piano? Plinking slightly out-of-tune over the white noise of Broadways cars, buses, trucks, and sirens, the piano awaits its fate. Solo, Piano - NYC is...read moreThe Man That Got AwayUK PremiereTrevor Anderson |Canada| 25 minsA unique musical documentary that tells the true life story of Trevors great-uncle Jimmy in six original songs. Jimmy joins the Navy, discovers gay sex, treads the boards on Broadway, meets Judy Garland before his tragic demise....read moreMETROWorld PremiereGuilherme Hoffmann |Brazil,France| 51 minsThe underground wanderings of a not-so-young Brazilian student who, without knowing what to look for in life, goes to the Paris subway to meet those he values most... the strangers....read more", "Sunday May 20th, 2012 The Eighth Annual First Star Celebration for Children&rsquo;s RightsHonoring Heroes in the Fight to Protect Children &bull;;Ellen Goldsmith-Vein and Jon Vein &bull;;More honorees to be announced shortly &bull;;Emcee - Christine Devine | Fox 11 News, Channel 13, Wednesdays ChildDress Code: Smart California Casual. Leave that tie and those high heels at home. All proceeds of the event benefit First Star, the leading national 501c3 non-profit advocating for the welfare and protection of the more than 3 million U.S. children in institutions, foster care and on the streets.ABOUT FIRST STAR First Star fights for a future in which America&rsquo;s abused and neglected children will have won full recognition of their fundamental right to be heard and protected by the systems legally entrusted with their care. A future in which those systems are fully, resourced, transparent and accountable to the public.EVENT CO CHAIRS &bull;;Mr. and Mrs. Jim Berk &bull;;Peggy and Stephen Davis &bull;;Andrew Katzenstein and Robin Sax &bull;;Mr. and Mrs. Tom Lynch &bull;;Michelle Seward &bull;;Stephanie Sperber and Andrew Z. Davis", "Hyper Pro Training Instructor CertificationSaturday, June 23rd in Indianapolis, Indiana12am-4pm * Bonus Event 4pm-6pm;Hyper Pro Training Instructor Certification and Millennium Training Business Network Experience;Training Includes:;Top 20 Teaching Strategies for Powerful Classes and StudentsPro Training Drills and Class PlatformsTeaching Acrobatics, Extreme Kicks and FormsCreating Performances and Musical FormsMastering Camps and EnrollmentsCreate Martial Arts Athletes by Using Traditional Techniques in a Modern Class PlanEverything you need to successfully teach incredible classes, camps and create your team of martial arts athletes.;;BONUS - Free Millennium Training Business Session w/ Paid Instructor Certification;;Top 5 Marketing StrategiesTop 5 Income GeneratorsTop 5 Retention StrategiesCreating Your Team of InstructorsGoing from 200 Members to 500 MembersIn a fun session network with great school owners and review these powerful topics.;Enrollment:$229.00 each - Individuals;Hotel Discount Information;;Baymont Inn 1540 Brookville Crossing Way IndianapolisBlocked off rooms for $69ea;", "Get entry to over200museumsandgalleriesEnjoy a full access to some of the most exciting museums, galleries and historic properties in the UK.Get entry to over 200 venues, such as Kensington Palace, the Royal Pavilion in Brighton, Nostell Priory near Wakefield and Falkland Palace in Fife, plus a guide listing all the places you can visit.", "", "EVENT ENDED", "After the success of our reopening party Kumo is finally back open 4 nights of the week. This Thursday night we are having another Dinner ; Dance party.;Come join us for great fusion of Japanese and Mediteranean canapes, catered by ourselfs and amazing in house chefs.Our bar will be open as usual how ever all guests will be welcomed with champagne and canapes. Tables are also available with your own bottle of champagne and amazing mix platter.For those who have visited before know how amazing the evening can be and for others will have to come and try.Entrance &pound;50Tables &pound;400 Entrance for 4 + Bottle of magnum and canape platter;*If you need to book further table or have a larger booking call Brian on 07425010260 or for more information visit our website www.kumoknightsbridge.com*", "Booked itemsYour trip:Midway to London and vicinity Use the airline confirmation code for check-in with the airline. Your hotel reservation is confirmed. Your attractions & services reservation is confirmed.Note: The flight portion of your trip is charged directly by the airline. This will result in you receiving a separate credit card charge for the flight, but the total charges on your credit card will be equal to the trip price.View payment history.Flight summary All passengers travelling to the USA must provide country of residence and details of the address they will be staying upon arrival street name and number, city, zip code and state, during check-in. Failure to provide this may result in flight boarding being denied by the airline.Hotel Class: Room description: double roomNonsmoking/Smoking: Non-SmokingRoom type: 1 KING BEDUnless specified otherwise, rates are quoted in US dollars.The price you selected DOES NOT include any applicable service fees, charges for optional incidentals such as minibar snacks or telephone calls or regulatory surcharges. The lodging facility will assess these fees, charges and surcharges upon check-out.Activities & Services summary IMPORTANT: Be sure to bring all vouchers with you on your trip. We cannot guarantee access to your booked Activities & Services without your vouchers. View and print all vouchers.Description Date QuantityGround Transportation Heathrow Airport to Central London Hotel: Car 1-3 PeopleDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 1 CarBilly Elliot: The Musical Show Only at 7:30 PMDetails Mon 5-Nov-12 2 TravelersAdmission to St Pauls Cathedral Including Afternoon TeaDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 2 AdultsTour 4: Harry Potter TourDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 3 AdultsView and print all vouchers. Then bring them with you when you go.Rules and restrictionsPackage OverviewThe airfare in this package is non-refundable. Credit may be issued as per applicable airline policies less airline change fees.By purchasing this package, you agree to the full rules and regulations.hotels.com packages can be canceled according to the cancellation rules of the individual components making up the packages see below for the specific rules of the components of your packages.You may cancel your hotel without affecting your other travel items.Your flight may be changed but not canceled unless noted below.You must call 1-866-610-4770. For international calls, contact 001-702-939-2525 to change or cancel your package.Flight Rules and RestrictionsThese Flight Rules & Regulations apply to special vacation and published airfare, unless expressly indicated otherwise. Published airfare has additional airline rules and regulations that apply and vary depending on the airline and the airfare purchased. Please read all rules and regulations applicable to your airfare carefully.Flight details e.g., aircraft, times, are subject to change.All tickets are nontransferable and name changes are not allowed.Tickets are valid only on the dates and times indicated unless an exchange is processed. Special vacation airfare cannot be exchanged. Some published fare tickets can be exchanged for travel at a later date, subject to airline approval and the following restrictions:The original ticket holder must use the ticket.The ticket must be used on the same airline.The new ticket must be re-booked prior to the original flight time and date in some cases.Travel on a re-booked ticket must be completed within one year of the date that the original ticket was issued in most cases.The tickets value is limited to its current face value.Please note that the most restrictive set of rules applies to your entire itinerary.Chicago, IL CHI-All Airports to London, England, UK LON-All AirportsTickets are nonrefundable. A fee of $275.00 per ticket will be charged for itinerary changes after the tickets are issued, provided that the booking rules were followed.Chicago, IL CHI-All Airports to London, England, UK LON-All AirportsTickets are nonrefundable. A fee of $275.00 per ticket will be charged for itinerary changes after the tickets are issued, provided that the booking rules were followed.Please read important information regarding airline liability limitations.Prices do not include baggage fees or other fees charged directly by the airline.See an overview of the rules and restrictions applicable for this fare.View the complete penalty rules for changes and cancellations associated with this fare.Hotel Rules and RestrictionsLondon: Grange Tower BridgeProperty policiesYou must be at least 18 to check in to this hotel.Base rate is for 2 guests.Guest charges and room capacityTotal maximum number of guests per room/unit is 2.Maximum number of adults per room/unit is 2.Maximum number of children per room/unit is 1.Maximum number of infants per room/unit is 1.This property considers guests aged 17 and under, at time of travel, to be children.This property considers guests aged 1 and under, at time of travel, to be infants.Availability of accommodation in the same property for extra guests is not guaranteed.The fee for extra adults is $84.82 per person.Your credit card is charged the total cost above at time of purchase. Prices and room availability are not guaranteed until full payment is received.Pricing and paymentSome hotels request that we wait to submit guest names until 7 days prior to check in. In such a case, your hotel room is reserved, but your name is not yet on file with the hotel.Rooms are provided by WWTE.Any changes to or cancellation of your reservation may result in fees up to the total amount paid for the reservation.Cancellations and changesPrices and hotel availability are not guaranteed until full payment is received.If you would like to book multiple rooms, you must use a different name for each room. Otherwise, the duplicate reservation will be canceled by the hotel.There is no charge for cancellations and changes made before 12:01 AM GMT Daylight Time on October 26, 2012.Cancellations or changes made after 12:01 AM GMT Daylight Time on October 26, 2012 are subject to a hotel fee equal to 100% of the total amount paid for the reservation.Activities and Services Rules and RestrictionsActivities & Services require prepayment. You will be charged in full for all selected Activities & Services at the time of booking.Activities & Services availability and pricing are subject to change until full payment is received.Terms and conditions vary by Activity or Service.Activities & Services cannot be transferred from one person to another.You must print your Activities & Services vouchers and bring them with you to your destination.What else can we help you with? Save on Activities & Services in London SightseeingDining optionsGround transportationAttraction passesSearch for more Activities & Services View your itinerary for complete and up-to-date trip details, or to make changes online.Customer SupportItinerary number: 11612262056If you have questions about your reservation, fill out our itinerary assistance form. Well respond within 24 hours: For immediate assistance call hotels.com at 1-866-610-4770. For international calls, contact 001-702-939-2525 or after hours at 1-800-EXPEDIA and have the itinerary number ready.Thank you for choosing hotels.com.http://travel.hotels.com/pubspec/scripts/eap.asp?goto=jump&eapid=11474-30001&jurl=hotels.comhttp://hotels.com/", "", "...CASH FLOW IS KEY TO SUCCESSPRESENTED BY JOHN CANDY CMA, ACISthere are more than a hundred ways to manage your financemoreso Cash is king when it comes to the financial management of a growing company or personal wealth. some people say cash flow management means delaying outlays of cash as long as possible while encouraging anyone who owes you money to pay it as rapidly as possible.some of the outlines are:MEASURING YOUR CASH FLOWWAYS TO IMPROVE INFLOWMANAGING OUTFLOWSSURVIVING SHORT FALLSand many morecome and enjoy all these and more at our one day interactive seminar.", "", "", "", "Invitation chez la f&ecirc;te party hao black noir.;Vous devez bien respecter la notice avant dentrer.", "", "When : May 16 , 2013 2:00 PMWhere : 1652 Maricopa Rd North Port FL 34287-4146What : Feeding and Giving to the needyFeeding for life :You can make a difference with a gift to Feeding for Life . Your donation will help more people become free of hunger. We rely on people like you to help us continue our vital projects, so please do support us.", "", ";;;;Sino-Africa Ltd, the only multinational travel agency in East Africa authorized by both the Kenyan and Tanzanian government to engage in travel services primarily for customers is happy to invite you for a 3-day conference at the Kenyatta International Conference Centre, Nairobi. ;;; The event is tailored for individuals who wish to carry out hunting expeditions and self-driving trips across the vast Kenyan game reserves. We will educate you on how to handle out-door trips, hunting and off-road challenges. Hunting licences will also be arranged for the attendees.;NB: We apologize for posting this event under such a tight time-frame this year, but all these was due to some unavoidable circumstances in regards to venue licencing. Dont you worry! We have a second round of ticketing coming soon due to the huge client demand, majority from Asia!Most Frequently Asked Questions have been addressed in our Terms and Conditions section below: ;Terms and Conditions; ;Accommodations: All quoted conference prices include accommodations based on double occupancy. There is a supplemental fee for single occupancy accommodations. In some lodges, children of certain age are not permitted unless where advised accordingly. Meals: Meals are included in the conference price as stated in the itinerary, B=Breakfast, L=Lunch and D=Dinner. Baggage: You may take along two normal size pieces of luggage, not exceeding a total of 44 lbs. per person. On charter flights in Africa the baggage allowance may be less. Arrangements have been made for safe storage while on tour. However, all baggage is at the tour members risk whilst on tour. We highly recommend baggage insurance. Gratuities, Taxes and Entrances Fees: Charges for hotel taxes are included, as well as game park entrance fees and to all wildlife reserves included in the itinerary. In Africa, tips to driver-guides and escorts are not included and are at your discretion, though unavoidable. Not Included in Quoted Tour Prices: The following items are not included in quoted tour prices: costs of obtaining passports or visas; personal expenses such as beverages, laundry and room service; gratuities to your safari escort, camp staff, driver-guides; excess baggage fees; communication charges; airport departure taxes; meals not specified in your itinerary; any airfares unless where specifically mentioned in the inclusive clause. Insurance: We strongly recommend you protect yourself with a short-term travelers insurance policy to cover baggage loss, accident, medical emergencies, and trip cancellation. Limitations of Liability: ;Sino-africa Safaris, its Owners, Outfitters, Agents and Employees give notice that they act only as agent for the owners, contractors and suppliers providing means of transportation and/or all related travel services and assumes no responsibility whatsoever for injury, personal illness, loss or damage to person or property in connection with any service resulting directly from: act of God; detention; annoyance; delays; expenses arising from quarantine; strikes; thefts; pilferage; force majeure; failure of any means of conveyance to arrive or depart as scheduled; civil disturbances; terrorism; government restrictions or regulations; and discrepancies or changes in hotel services in which it has no control. Sino-africa Safaris and/or its local operators reserve the right to make reasonable changes in the itinerary when deemed advisable for the comfort and safety of passengers, which includes but is not limited to: the substitution of hotels, alteration of the itinerary, and reversing the order of the places to be visited. Sino-africa Safaris and its local operators, their tours and/or suppliers of services, and other cooperating agencies reserve the right to refuse individuals from a safari without refund who acts in a manner which is unsafe for themselves, or inconsiderate or unsafe to fellow travelers, and/or who ignores the requests of their guide s to act in a safe and responsible manner. On advancement of deposit to Sino-africa Safaris, the depositor agrees to be bound by the above described terms and conditions. Sino-africa Safaris hereby notifies all passengers that any matter or cases relating to any tour is subject to/or governed by the rules and laws of the country to which it takes place and no other country. Risks: Sino-africa Safaris draws your attention to the fact that there are certain inherent dangers involved with adventure travel, and the client accepts them at his/her own risk. It is however advisable to take travel insurance and a separate baggage loss.;", "The Founder Institute presents \"Become a Startup Founder\" - the first online program designed to teach you everything you need to know to launch your startup.Become a Startup Founder is a comprehensive step-by-step program to help Founders launch a meaningful and enduring technology company at their own pace.;The curriculum and the assignments are based on the intensive four-month Founder Institute program, which has helped to launch hundreds of successful companies, like Udemy. The;more than 55 videosorganized in this offering represent the most inspirational, most informative and best-rated talks by leading CEOs at Founder Institute sessions worldwide. Everything has been curated to assist in your success.Your instructors for this course include legendary entrepreneurs, investors, and startup gurus, such as:Aaron PatzerAaron Patzer is both the visionary and technical mind behind;Mint.com, now the leading free, online money management tool in the U.S., and purchased by Intuit for $187mm in 2009. In 2008 he was named one of CNN Moneys \"Money Heroes\", and a World Economic Forum Tech Pioneer. In 2009, he was named to Inc Magazines Top 30 Entrepreneurs Under 30, and Fortunes Top 40 Business Leaders Under 40.Adeo RessiAdeo is the Founder of the;TheFunded.com, an online community of entrepreneurs, and the;Founder Institute, a pre-seed startup incubator launching hundreds of technology companies per year across four continents. The Institute is the eighth startup that he has founded or built - four of which were acquired and three of which are still in operation. Adeo also sits on the board of the X PRIZE Foundation, a non-profit organization solving the worlds greatest challenges through prize competitions.Dan ShapiroDan Shapiro is the founder and CEO of Sparkbuy Inc, a comparison shopping website recently acquired by Google. Previously, Shapiro was founder and CEO of Ontela, a pioneering mobile imaging company, where he was named CEO of the Year by MobileBeat. Ontela was frequently recognized including the Dow Jones Top 10 in Wireless list, receiving the CTIA award for Best Social Networking Application, and being named Breakthrough Startup of the Year by the WTIA. Ontela merged with Photobucket in December of 2009 where Shapiro now holds a seat on the Board of Directors.Russell FradinRussell Fradin is the Founder and CEO of Dynamic Signal, a new startup in the Social Media Marketing and Monitoring space. Prior to founding Dynamic Signal, Russ was the co-founder and CEO of Adify, acquired by Cox for $300M in the Spring of 2008. Prior to starting Adify, Russ was the SVP of Business Development for Wine.com, EVP of Corporate Development for comScore Networks, and VP of Business Development at Flycast/Engage. Russ is the Chairman of Social Shield and is also a Board Director for Outside.in, Udemy and Red Aril.Phil LibinPhil Libin is the CEO of;Evernote, a web service designed to allow users to easily capture and store information, memories, and content in any environment. Phil was a founder of two other successful tech startups, is an investor and advisor in several startups, is the inventor of several issued and pending technology patents, and holds a top-secret security clearance from the Department of Defense.Jonathan AbramsJonathan Abrams is the founder and CEO of Nuzzel, and Co-Founder and Managing Partner of theFounders Den. Previously Jonathan was the Founder and CEO of Socializr, Friendster, and HotLinks. Jonathan was hailed as \"The Social Pioneer\" by Vanity Fair in June 2008 for creating the pioneering social networking service Friendster, and was also honored as one of the worlds top young innovators by the MIT Technology Review.Mike StempleMike currently is CEO/Founder of Mosoro, which builds a developer platform that enables real-world objects to communicate with smartphone apps. Prior to Mosoro, Mike served as Founder and CEO of Odojo, which allowed parents to monitor their childs Social Networks for inappropriate content ; the Internet for leaks of their personal information. Previous to Odojo Mike served as Founder and President of Mikes background also includes serving as Founder, Chairman and CEO of nReach Inc. which was purchased by SmartServ, Inc., and TRIPDA/Nomad Labs Inc. Mike is a Colorado native, a graduate of Metropolitan State College, a governor appointee to The Colorado Governors Council for Physical Fitness, and a proud veteran of the US Army.Sebastien De HalleuxSebastien de Halleux co-founded and was COO of Playfish, one of the largest and fastest growing social game companies, which was acquired by EA for $400m in November 2009 where he was appointed Vice President of Business Development for EA Interactive. Prior to Playfish, Sebastien was part of the founding team at Macrospace, a European mobile games startup which merged with US-based Sorrent to form Glu Mobile and grew to a $337m IPO in March 2007. Sebastien also helped incubate Nokia Ad Service, an entrepreneurial new business unit at Nokia aiming to monetize traffic across 850 million Nokia handsets. Sebastien holds a Masters in Civil Engineering with honours from Imperial College, London.Fred JoyalFred is CEO and co-Founder of Futuredontics, better known to the public as 1-800-DENTIST. Freds mission in building the 1-800-DENTIST brand was to provide a consistent flow of screened patients to member dentists and, equally important, to encourage millions of consumers to visit the dentist on a regular basis. Fred has written, produced and appeared in more than 100 of the companys television and radio commercials, which air more than 5,000 times each month on major networks nationwide. The company also has evolved to the point where 50% of their referrals come through the Internet. Fred recently published a book, \"Everything Is Marketing: the Ultimate Strategy for Dental Practice Growth\", written for dentists and dental office managers, which is already in its third printing.Joe BezdekJoe Bezdek is a co-founder of DivX, Inc., the creator of the popular DivX video format and technology. While there, he filled a variety of roles in product management, marketing, and brand management, most recently as brand director. He has a BS and MS degrees in mechanical engineering from Texas A;M and The University of Texas - Austin, respectively. He also serves on the board of trustees of the Rady Childrens Hospital Foundation in San Diego.Gabriel YoranGabriel Yoran is co-founder of consumer privacy software company Steganos and Europes leading location-based social network, aka-aki. He is an expert in product design and consumer marketing with more than 10 years of professional experience. Products designed by Gabriel have earned numerous awards, including two Webby Awards and numerous Best Buy and Product of the Year awards in magazines like PC WORLD. Gabriel is a regular speaker at IT and mobile industry events such as Wireless Communication and Information WCI, World Usability Day, Web 2.0 Expo, Mobile 2.0 Summit. He also gives Master Lectures on Entrepreneurship and Product Design.David WeeklyDavid has been programming since he was five and has coded for MIT, Harvard, Stanford, There.com, atWeb, and Legato. David wrote the first laymans description of MP3 in early 1997 and graduated in 2000 with a BS in Computer Science from Stanford, where he was a President Scholar and a finalist in the ACM International Programming Competition. David started the company that became PBworks in 2003. He likes to throw hacker parties he co-founded SuperHappyDevHouse in 2005 and Hacker Dojo in 2009, connect people, fly helicopters, and build useful things. David won Best Mentor in the SF Summer 2010 Session and Most Supportive Mentor across the whole global FI program in 2011.Eric RiesEric co-founded IMVU in April 2004 and served as Chief Technology Officer from its inception to August 2008. Eric is the co-author of several books including The Black Art of Java Game Programming Waite Group Press, 1996. While an undergraduate at Yale University, Eric co-founded Catalyst Recruiting. Although Catalyst folded with the dot-com crash, Eric continued his entrepreneurial career as a Senior Software Engineer at There.com, leading efforts in agile software development and user-generated content. In 2007, BusinessWeek.com named Eric one of the Techs Best Young Entrepreneurs. Eric earned a B.S. in Computer Science from Yale University.Heather HardeHeather Harde is the CEO of TechCrunch. She spent the last ten years working within News Corporation. She held a variety of corporate development, strategy and operating roles both in Los Angeles and New York. Most recently, she was part of the founding team at Fox Interactive Media and their SVP Mergers ; Acquisitions. Her team spent over $1.3 billion on eight acquisitions and two equity deals during her tenure. Their acquisitions spanned pre-launch start-ups all the way through public-company and pre-IPO buyouts.Craig KanarickCraig is a seasoned executive with over 15 years of experience at the nexus of business, technology and design and was the co-founder, Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer of Razorfish. He has also held positions as SVP at Blockbuster Digital Technologies, Chief Creative Officer at Broome Crosby Limited, and Studio Leader at Rockwell Group. He received bachelors degrees in philosophy and computer science from the University of Pennsylvania and a masters degree in visual studies from the MIT Media Lab.Jeffrey DachisJeff is the CEO of Dachis Group, the worlds leading Social Business transformational services and software company. Jeffs leadership and vision helped establish the digital services industry more than a decade ago when he co-founded Razorfish, Inc. out of a one-bedroom New York City apartment, which grew to$250 Million in revenue and 2,200 employees. Dachis is also a Senior Partner at Manhattan-based Bond Art + Science, which specializes in information architecture and user experience design for digital media and information services. He serves as an advisor to companies including Bazaarvoice and Waterfall Mobile. Jeff has also served as Co-Chairman of the Producers Guild of America New Media Council East, and a frequently appeared as a lecturer and speaker, and in publications such as the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, Business Week, and Wired Magazine and in television appearances including CNBC, CNN, 20/20 and 60 Minutes. His honors include Ernst;Youngs Entrepreneur of the Year in 2000, among others.Naval RavikantNaval is an entrepreneur, angel investor, and a co-author of Venture Hacks. He is also the co-founder of AngelList. Previously, Naval was a co-founder at Genoa Corp acquired by Finisar, Epinions.com IPO via Shopping.com, Hive7, Inc., and Vast.com now one of the largest auto shopping networks online. Naval has also advised Bix.com, iPivot, and XFire, among others, and invested in many companies, including Twitter, Social Media, Jambool, SnapLogic, and Disqus.Jason CalacanisJason Calacanis is the CEO of Mahalo.com, a human powered search engine and founder and CEO of LAUNCH and ThisWeekIn.. He was previously the co-founder of Weblogs, Inc. with Brian Alvey, and the GM of Netscape.Philip KaplanPhilip Kaplan is a serial entrepreneur and co-founder of Blippy. Formerly he was founder and CEO of AdBrite, and creator of F-edcompany.com. Philip is the best-selling author of Fd Companies Simon ; Schuster. Blippy is backed by Charles River Ventures and Sequoia Capital. AdBrite is backed by Sequoia Capital and is the largest privately-held ad network.Shervin PishevarShervin is a visionary technology entrepreneur, published researcher, and technology incubation expert who raised nearly $40M in venture funding for his start ups. He is a managing director at Menlo Ventures, and is the founder and executive chairman of SGN, one of the leading social and mobile gaming companies with 17 million unique downloads of their games since 2008. Shervin was founding president and COO of Webs, and is an active angel investor or advisor in such companies as Aardvark, Thread.com, Gowalla and Kissmetrics. Shervin was a member of the Technology, Media and Telecommunications TMT policy working group that helped create the Obama Technology and Innovation Plan. His achievements have been highlighted by the Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, New York Times, LA Times, CNN and CNBC.", "D&eacute;couvrez;le Programme Timitar 2013 Agadir - Programmation dates et horaires Timitar 2013La 10&egrave;me &eacute;dition du Festival Timitar Agadir ;&laquo;Signes et cultures&raquo; aura lieu du 26 au 29 juin 2013 &agrave; Agadir promet un anniversaire dexception et une programmation de taille au rendez-vous : Majda El Roumi, Cheb Khaled, Marcel Marcel Khalif&eacute; ; Al Mayadine Ensemble, Kenny Rogers, Hanggai et Idir pour ne citer queux viennent ou reviennent souffler avec le public10 ans de communion.;laffiche du festival Timitar 2013 :Programme Festival Timitar 2013 &agrave; AgadirProgramme Mercredi 26 juin 2013; ;Programme ouverture du festival Place Al Amal &agrave; partir de 20h00;;; Ahwach Haha Essaouira;;; Nolwenn Leroy France;;; Kenny Rogers Etats-unis;;; Fatima Tabaamrant Agadir;;; Dj Amina;;; Vj Kalamour; Programme du Th&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure &agrave; partir de 21h00;;; Inouraz and guests Agadir;;; Hind Maroc/Pays-bas;;; Mustafa Oumguil El HajebProgramme Jeudi 27 juin 2013;;; Place Al Amal &agrave; partir de 20h00;;; Ahwach Skoura Idelsane Skoura;;; Latifa Raafat Casablanca;;; Idir Algerie;;; Oudaden Agadir;;; DJ Farid Momo;;; vj kalamour;;; Th&eacute;&acirc;tre de Verdure &agrave; partir de 21h00;;; Marcel Khalife ; lensemble Al Mayadine Liban;;; Place Bijaouane &agrave; partir de 20h30;;; Jbara ; Jazzawiya Family Agadir;;; Hanggai Mongolie/Chine;;; Fnaire Marrakech;;; Amaynou Agadir;;; DJ Face;;; VJ Atmost;Vendredi 28 juin 2013;;; Place Al Amal &agrave; partir de 21h00;;; Magida El Roumi Liban;;; Isma&euml;l L&ocirc; S&eacute;n&eacute;gal;;; Ribab Fusion and guests Agadir;;; DJ Dubosmium;;; vj Kalamour;;; Th&eacute;&acirc;tre de Verdure &agrave; partir de 21h00;;; The Original Blues Brothers Band Etats-unis;;;;;;;; Hommage &agrave; la parole des rways Souss;;; Orchestre rays Lahcen Idhmou;;; Rays Lahoucine El Baz;;; Rays Lhaj Ider;;; Place Bijaouane &agrave; partir de 20h30;;; Tarragt Agadir;;; Tcheka Cap-vert;;; Hoba Hoba Spirit Casablanca;;; Imghrane Tiznit;;; DJ K-Rim;;; VJ AtmostProgrmmae Samedi 29 juin 2013;;; Place Al Amal &agrave; partir de 20h00;;; Ahwach Ait Baamrane Sidi Ifni;;; Nass El Ghiwane Casablanca;;; Khaled Algerie;;; A&acirc;rab Atigui Casablanca;;; DJ Sbik;;; VJ Kalamour;;; Th&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure &agrave; partir de 21h00;;; Ahwach Tissent Tala;;; Ahmed Soultan Maroc/France;;;;;;;; Hommage &agrave; la parole des Rayssates Souss; ; ;Rayssa Talbensirt; soir&eacute;e avec ;Rayssa Fatima Tachtoukt", "What do Fortune Cookies and Brooks Brothers neckties have in common? ; Answer: they are both manufactured in Long Island City Queens! ;I cant think of another neighborhood that has this much variety - industry, endless artist spaces including the amazing 5 Pointz Graffiti area, the quaint Hunters Point Historic District, and the spectacular cityscapes and views of the Manhattan skyline from Gantry State Park on the East River. ;Long island City is also home to the Silvercup Studios where numerous feature films have been shot, a staggering number of new condominiums, obscure museums and just some really strange looking areas : ;Theres even a stretch of shops and restaurants that evoke a small town or village atmosphere.Well be sure to hang out by the East River to enjoy the Manhattan skyline at night! Plenty of dinner options for those making a longer night of it. ;;Note: ;please have Metrocard as well be taking a short subway ride on the #7 to Queens. ;For people already in Queens email me for a easy meetup spot well be departing the subway at 45th Road Courthouse Square.", "When, Where ; WhatOne, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central Florida. Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles. Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz. Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.A massage therapist will be available after the rides for those who push too hard. For your safety bicycle helmets are required and please be courteous to all motorists and cyclists. We look forward to seeing you again or for your first time. Early registration is highly recommended as lodging may sell out.. Early Registration Deadline June 21st, event T-shirts will be guaranteed for riders registering by this deadline. No refunds after this deadline.", "A Night with Tequila Avi&oacute;n and Young Jeezy;", "Le groupe a &eacute;t&eacute; cr&eacute;&eacute; en d&eacute;cembre 1980 &agrave; Paris, lanc&eacute; par des anciens chanteurs des groupes Les Aigles noirs et Les Basiles sous l&rsquo;impulsion d&rsquo;un musicien de Sidi Bel-Abb&egrave;s &eacute;tabli en France, en l&rsquo;occurrence Tarik Chikhi. Le groupe fait son apparition, &agrave; loccasion dun concert de soutien &agrave; la premi&egrave;re radio de limmigration \"Radio Soleil\". Ses membres fondateurs sont;: Tarik Na&iuml;mi Chikhi, Kaddour Bouchentouf, Lotfi Attar et Hachemi Djellouli.Le son de Ra&iuml;na Ra&iuml; est reconnaissable parmi mille gr&acirc;ce aux riffs du guitariste attitr&eacute; Lotfi Attar. Ils reprennent &agrave; leur sauce les anciennes chansons compos&eacute;es des Aigles noirs et d&rsquo;autres encore comme &laquo;;Zina Diri Latay;&raquo; du chanteur Kada Ziri et &laquo;;Hmama;&raquo; de Blaoui Houari. Ils sortent leur premier album Zina en 1983 qui conna&icirc;t un tr&egrave;s grand succ&egrave;s puis encha&icirc;nent avec d&rsquo;autres albums qui les consacrent au sommet de la chanson ra&iuml; moderne gr&acirc;ce notamment aux tubes Zina, Til Taila ou encore Hagda qui animent les f&ecirc;tes et soir&eacute;es alg&eacute;riennes.Les membres de Ra&iuml;na Ra&iuml; interrompent leur carri&egrave;re en 1992 avant de refaire surface et se reforment en 2001 pour donner naissance &agrave; l&rsquo;album Datni. Certains ont quitt&eacute; la formation en laissant la place &agrave; de nouvelles recrues qui ont apport&eacute; un nouveau souffle sous la houlette de l&rsquo;excellent guitariste Lotfi Attar. Ra&iuml;na Ra&iuml; reste encore une l&eacute;gende vivante qui influence beaucoup d&rsquo;artistes et de groupes tels que l&rsquo;Orchestre national de Barb&egrave;s et Gnawa Diffusion.", "", ";;;;Happy Summer revient pour sa quatri&egrave;me &eacute;dition au centre de shopping Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart du 20 juillet au 31 ao&ucirc;t 2013. Au programme, une s&eacute;rie d&rsquo;animations et de loisirs gratuits pour les enfants, adultes, amateurs de sensations fortes, cin&eacute;philes, m&eacute;lomanes ou encore artistes en herbe.;Cette ann&eacute;e encore;le centre de shopping Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart;et son;Happy Summer;vous invite, du 20 juillet au 31 ao&ucirc;t 2013, &agrave; venir passer du bon temps pendant vos;vacances d&eacute;t&eacute;, et vous offre une multitude danimations gratuites pour toute la famille.Autant d&rsquo;activit&eacute;s divertissantes et vari&eacute;es r&eacute;unies autour de 6 th&eacute;matiques qui rythmeront le festival durant tout l&rsquo;&eacute;t&eacute; : Les Arts en f&ecirc;te, Vivons Sports, Musique ; danse en folie, Haut Vol, mon Carr&eacute; Nature et Fun Gliss. De quoi devenir le lieu incontournable pour partager des moments forts et fun, entre amis ou en famille, et en toute convivialit&eacute; !Le programme:Tous les lundis &agrave; partir de 14HDes;ateliers peinture, dessin et modelage de la terre;en pr&eacute;sence d&rsquo;artistes membres de l&rsquo;association Alliance des Arts de Nandy pour laisser s&rsquo;exprimer sa cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; !Tous les mardis &agrave; partir de 14HDes mardis destin&eacute;s &agrave; la d&eacute;couverte et au plein air pour desactivit&eacute;s familiales ludiques;et passionnantes. Il y en aura pour tous les go&ucirc;ts !Tous les mercredis &agrave; partir de 14HDes animations cr&eacute;atives pour occuper les enfants;pendant les vacances : du modelage, du dessin, du jonglage, des &eacute;chasses, boum party &hellip; les petits seront ravis !Tous les jeudis &agrave; partir de 14HSalsa, Rock, danses latines&hellip; des;cours de danse;pour se d&eacute;hancher cet &eacute;t&eacute;, &ccedil;a va swinguer !Tous les vendredis &agrave; partir de 14HLes &laquo;;Garden Party;&raquo;, le rendez-vous musical live hebdomadaire pour se d&eacute;tendre et siroter des cocktails sur les terrasses des restaurants du Shopping Parc.Et bien s&ucirc;r&hellip;;Le Poney Club;accueillera les enfants initi&eacute;s ou d&eacute;butants tous les mercredis et samedis apr&egrave;s-midi de 14H &agrave; 18H pour des moments de complicit&eacute; avec les poneys !Les moments forts du mois daout &agrave; ne pas manquer : les dates cl&eacute;s &agrave; retenir pour s&rsquo;amuser !Une initiation;Free Style Football;pour s&rsquo;essayer &agrave; l&rsquo;acrobatie et au jonglage avec un ballon de football le;vendredi 2 ao&ucirc;t de 18H &agrave; 20HMusique et danse en folie;les;5 et 9 ao&ucirc;t;avec Percussions le mardi 6 de 14h &agrave; 18h et Jukebox party et Quizz musical le vendredi 9 de 18h &agrave; 20hUne initiation au;jonglage;et aux;&eacute;chasses;destin&eacute;e aux &eacute;quilibristes en herbe;le mercredi 14 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HUn parcours sportif;encadr&eacute; par un coach professionnel avec des exercices musculaires et cardio;le jeudi 15 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18H;pour &ecirc;tre au top pour la rentr&eacute;e !Du trampo-&eacute;lastiques;pour des sensations de haute voltige;le samedi 24 ao&ucirc;t de 11H &agrave; 19HUne;rando-roller;pour partir &agrave; la d&eacute;couverte de carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart et du Shopping Parc;le mardi 27 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HDu waveboard, une planche, deux roues, tout ce qu&rsquo;il faut pour garder l&rsquo;&eacute;quilibre;le mercredi 28 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HDu baseball et du baby-foot g&eacute;ant;pour un apr&egrave;s-midi plein de surprises sur le Shopping Parc;le samedi 31 ao&ucirc;t de 13H &agrave; 18HAlors rendez vous tout l&eacute;t&eacute; &agrave;;Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart, il y en aura pour tous les go&ucirc;ts et pour tous les &acirc;ges !", ";Le programme du Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; est de retour au Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly du 15 juin au 15 septembre 2013. Au programme, de nombreuses animations festives de tous genres propos&eacute;es tout au long de l&eacute;t&eacute; autour du jardin : lectures, siestes &eacute;lectroniques, contes, ateliers pour petits et grands, concerts, rencontres&hellip; Tout un &eacute;ventail de possibilit&eacute;s pour se la couler douce.;Que diriez-vous daller faire un petit tour du c&ocirc;t&eacute; du;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;du;Mus&eacute;e du Quai Branly;? A nouveau, cette ann&eacute;e, le jardin du mus&eacute;e souvre &agrave; vous gratuitement pour vous offrir tout un panel dactivit&eacute;s &agrave; faire en famille ou entre amis. Des activit&eacute;s qui vous d&eacute;connecteront de la fr&eacute;n&eacute;sie parisienne le temps dun;conte, dune;sieste &eacute;lectronique;ou encore dune s&eacute;ance de;sport.Cette ann&eacute;e, le;Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute;;fait &agrave; nouveau lEloge de la lenteur et invite les promeneurs &agrave; rencontrer, &eacute;couter et contempler. Prenez votre temps et prenez conscience de la biodiversit&eacute; des v&eacute;g&eacute;taux, voici les maitres mots de ce jardin dessin&eacute; par;Gilles Cl&eacute;ment. Dailleurs, un;parcours ludique en herbe interactif;en QR Code code-barre &agrave; lire avec son smartphone pour avoir des infos vous invite &agrave; venir &agrave; bout des secrets du jardin et d&eacute;couvrir les contes et l&eacute;gendes autour de sa muse : la tortue.Le programme de l&eacute;t&eacute; :Atelier en famille \"Prends-en de la graine\"Les petits botanistes en herbe sont invit&eacute;s &agrave; composer leurs \"boules de graines\" dans le mini-labo mobile une brouette customis&eacute;e, dans le jardin. Ces boulettes pourront ensuite &ecirc;tre diss&eacute;min&eacute;s dans la ville.Tous les week-ends de juin et de septembre, puis tous les jours en juillet et ao&ucirc;t de 15h &agrave; 17hLes pratiques amateursCet &eacute;t&eacute;, prenez le temps de venir vous initier &agrave; des pratiques sportives ou artistiques diverses prodigu&eacute;s par des associations confirm&eacute;s. Cest le tour du monde des activit&eacute;s qui vous est propos&eacute; cette ann&eacute;e.Les samedis 15 et 22 juin et 13 et 27 juillet de 15h &agrave; 18hLe Jardin des contesVenez suivre l&rsquo;histoire depuis sa racine en &eacute;coutant les r&eacute;cits des conteurs du mus&eacute;e. Qu&rsquo;elles viennent des &eacute;tendues d&eacute;sertiques du Sahara, des jardins de th&eacute; des versants de l&rsquo;Himalaya ou des for&ecirc;ts tropicales d&rsquo;Amazonie, ces histoires vous racontent les liens myst&eacute;rieux qui unissent les hommes et les plantes.Gratuit dans la limite des places disponibles, tous les week-ends, de 14h0 &agrave; 15hLes livres nomadesEn suivant les sentiers qui traversent le jardin des mousses et longent le th&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, vous acc&eacute;derez &agrave; une entr&eacute;e secr&egrave;te du salon de lecture. Ici, une s&eacute;lection d&rsquo;ouvrages autour des th&eacute;matiques du Jardin d&rsquo;&eacute;t&eacute; est &agrave; votre disposition : vous pourrez les emprunter le temps d&rsquo;une pause lecture dans le jardin.En acc&egrave;s libre du 15 juin au 18 ao&ucirc;tJeux sous la roseraieDes jeux venus des 4 continents attendent petits et grands sous la roseraie tels que Fanorona de Magagascar ou encore Bagh Chal du N&eacute;pal...LecturesDes lectures par un duo fran&ccedil;ais-congolais pontuent l&eacute;t&eacute; des visiteurs du jardin. Diff&eacute;rents genres litt&eacute;raires sont abord&eacute;s roman, po&eacute;sie, nouvelles, th&eacute;&acirc;tre... pour d&eacute;couvrir des auteurs du monde entier. Et si vous voulez vous lancer, des initiations de lecture &agrave; voix haute vous sont ouvertes.- Lecture &agrave; voix haute samedi 13 juilletet dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 14h30- Initiation de lecture &agrave; voix haute dimanche 23 juin, samedi 13 juillet et dimanche 4 ao&ucirc;t &agrave; 15h30- Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite dans la limite des places disponibles, r&eacute;servationsalondelecture@quaibranly.frSiestes &eacute;lectroniquesVenez faire la sieste en &eacute;coutant des DJ sets exclusifs r&eacute;unissant &agrave; chaque fois deux artistes. Pour cette occasion, la m&eacute;diath&egrave;que du mus&eacute;e ouvre aux DJs invit&eacute;s sa collection de musiques venant des 4 coins du monde.Dimanche 7, 14, 21 et 28 juillet de 16h &agrave; 18hUn week-end en Cor&eacute;eCette ann&eacute;e, le mus&eacute;e du quai Branly accueille une programmation exceptionnelle dans le cadre de;Paris Quartier d&eacute;t&eacute;, avec les groupes Be-Being et Noreum Machi.Acc&egrave;s libre dans la limite des places disponibles les vendredi 19, samedi 20 et dimanche 21 juilletTh&eacute;&acirc;tre de verdure, jardin du mus&eacute;eBref, un joli programme pour se d&eacute;tendre et samuser, le tout sans un rond, cest tout b&eacute;n&eacute;f.Infos pratiques :Jardin d&eacute;t&eacute; au Mus&eacute;e du Quai BranlyDu 15 juin au;15 septembre 2013Entr&eacute;e libre et gratuite", "Tourisme Meeting : Sahara africa desert exploration.", "Tourisme Meeting : Islands, Pirates and Tresors quests", "| | US ; MMG SUPERSTAR OMARION + Celebrity Friends Performing Live @ CLAUSE BAR|| Carnival Monday Madness ||;|| Biggest Carnival Monday Party||;Address: 1 Lovat Lane, Monument. ec3r 8dtMonday 26th August.", "", "pictrue on PC", "Come on out to witness The Foundation", "we should come together and stop slavery and human trafficing and it should be now or never", "IN A CONTINUOUS BID TO :* Increase awareness and the momentum about Black Heritage ,History, Culture ; Significant achievements to date !* Instil and increase the levels of pride in the next generation of Black leaders* Propel Black History Month Celebrations to the forefront of the UK mainstream media events calendar.Award winning arts charity - MISS NUBIAN FOUNDATION have packaged together the biggest BLACK HISTORY MONTH EXTRAVAGANZA , that the UK as seen ,EVER !In the presence of VIPs ; Dignitaries from the world of sport, media, academia, politics, film, fashion ; music ,the Prestigious HILTON PADDINGTON will be transformed into a CULTURAL HAVEN and will host a spectacular star studded;ENTERTAINMENT FOR HUMANITY themed event that will focus on;ALLEVIATING POVERTY and REDUCING the SPREAD of HIV ; AIDS and raising awareness for the following beneficiary charities :LUPUS UK ,SICKLE CELL UK ,AFRICAN CARIBBEAN Leukaemia TRUST;The spectacular event will showcase an eclectic mix of attractions, that will include,*BLACK HISTORY MONTH HERITAGE AWARENESS SEMINARS*DRAMA - BLACK ARTS THEATRE PRODUCTION;*DANCE - IGNITION DANCE TROUPE*CULTURAL DISPLAYS*FUNDRAISING AUCTION - POWERED BY THE SODJE SPORTS FOUNDATION*COMMUNITY CHAMPION AWARDS - hosted by BEFFTA founder ; CEO PAULINE LONG*FASHION SHOWS;* SHOWCASE OF SHOWSTOPPING PERFORMANCES BY UKs TOP BREAKTHROUGH ARTISTES*MISS NUBIAN 2013 GRAND FINALEDOORS OPEN;========5pmSEMINARS=======5.30pmRED CARPET;==========6.30pmSHOW + AWARDS============7.OO pmDRESS CODE;=========BLACK TIE ,SMART ,TRADITIONAL=============UNDER 16s = &pound;10 - seated, exhibition, seminar, awards, showSTANDARD = &pound;25 - seated, exhibition, seminar, awards, showVIP = &pound;50 - red carpet, tabled premier located seating, exhibition ,show ,refreshments +AfterPartyTABLE = &pound;250 red carpet, table for a group of 5, exhibition, show, refreshment + AfterParty", "Limited Tickets Available. Last ones for sale today.Even if you cant be with us in this night you can still be a part of the cause by donating to the cause. Any monetary value you give to us , brings us one step closer towards finding a cure for AIDS research.Every gift - large or small- moves AIDS cure research forward. Give today , so others will live tomorrow.We wont stop until weve eradicated HIV/AIDS.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "THIS WILL BE THE HOTTEST KICK OFF PARTY IN VEGAS MEMORIAL WEEKENDTHE VILLA OPENS UP AT 9PMOPEN BAR IS FROM 9PM - 1AMSECURITY STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!ATTIRE: ANYTHING GOES!ANY PERSON THAT DOESNT COOPERATE WITH THE DRESS CODE POLICY WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLA DOORMANS DISCRETIONTHIS IS A 21+ EVENTANYONE UNDER 21 WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLAPLEASE BRING YOUR PHOTO ID AND PRINTED TICKETBROUGHT TO YOU BY VIP ACCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUPSitting atop the Fantasy Tower is a Vegas suite so extraordinary, its where Kanye West held court at MTVs 2007 Video Music Awards--and invited Common, Soulja Boy and T-Pain over to live the good life. The Hugh Hefner Villa features an outdoor, cantilevered Playboy Jacuzzir pool with glass end wall and a spectacular view of The Strip. This incredible villa showcases the best of everything including a large living room, full bar, media room, dining room, fully equipped gym with sauna and a spa-style treatment room. For some unexpected panache, enjoy the glass elevator, eight-foot, round rotating bed, an extra-large show tub, pop-up plasma televisions, poker table, an outdoor terrace with Las Vegas Strip views, and sunbathing areas with a bar. This premier penthouse suite will have you living large.", "ART/EXPERIMENTAL SHORTS + PITCHING SESSIONStripsFelix Dufour-Laperriere | Canada | 2010 | 6minUK PremiereMasculine noun, shortened form of striptease. From \"strip\", to remove, to take away, and \"tease\", to entice, to tempt. And then all this in the plural. In Strips, a vintage erotic film is cut into stripes and then reassembled. As these filmstrips are displaced and manipulated, a shift from figuration to abstraction occurs. A playful look at what is shown and hidden in the image, on erotism, and the ideas of presence and absence. +ENGEckhard Kruse | Germany | 2009 | 10minUK PremiereThe earths land surface measures 149 million squares kilometers - about three soccer fields per person. But how are we using this space? Everyone wants to go to the same nice places. So there it is getting really tight... The film shows the earths inhabitants in places wide and tight, and muses about their frequently strange behavior.+Paintbrushes and Panels Pinceis e PaineisVivian Ostrovsky | USA | 2009| 16minUK PremiereThis short documentary was made for an exhibition in Rio of the work of Paulo Werneck, one of Oscar Niemeyer's collaborators. Werneck was the first to introduce mosaics into Brazilian Modernist architecture. A piece of art itself the film is a montage of sounds and music that skillfully invokes the context of the artist's work in Rio and Belo Horizonte during the 50s and the 60s, as well as Brasilia at the time of its construction in 1960. An inventive collage of archival footage, music and Werneck's modernist mosaics.+Undertow EyesPetra Costa | Brazil | 2009 | 20minWorld Premiere Vera and Gabriel have been married for sixty years. In Undertow Eyes they reflect on their own story: the first flirtations, the birth of their children, life and aging. In the act of remembering, images from their family history and from the present intermingle, creating an affectionate and oneiric tone. Through the couple's recollections and stories, the film presents a personal and existential tale about love and death. +Stranger EtrangereChristophe Hermans | Belgium | 2010 | 12minUK PremiereSophie lives alone.She spends her time between small jobs and moving flat.She creates a sculpture of her body to fill the empty spaces of her life.+FaceAdele Wilkes | Australia | 2010 | 26minEuropean PremiereFace focuses on Beautiful Agony, on ongoing collaborative art project that collects video self-portraits of faces during orgasm. A filmmaker who has been working behind the scenes on the project decides to experience the other side of the lens, turning the camera on herself for the first time. This intimate and confronting documentary features a collage of unique perspectives from individuals who have contributed to the project, as well as the projects founder Lauren Olney and art theorist Edward Colless. Face is a kaleidoscopic odyssey through the concurrently universal and uniquely individual experience of sexual pleasure and its artistic expression. +Pitching Session", "Europolis, the Town of the DeltaKostadin Bonev | Austria/Bulgaria | 2009 | 80minUK Premiere+ Exotic Europe 2+ panelIn 1933 Eugeniu Botez, an engineer by profession and a commandant of the harbour of Sulina, wrote a novel. He entitled it \"Europolis\" and signed it under the name of Jean Bart. A year later he died. In this strange novel Jean Bart prophecies that one day nothing will be left from the town, once full of life. With the death of Europolis Europe will be slowly dying in pains. A few years later his prophecy started to come true.......", "", "", "", "Presented by David Marsh, David Wilkin and Chris Churchouse, MMP LimitedBackground and Objectives Prior to these courses the only training available for programme and project support staff consisted of short introductions to the PSO or Project Management training of which the PSO was but a small element. Whilst useful,this does not provide the PSO professional with the in depth training in all the components and processes of programme and project support that is vital if the PSO is to provide value added services.Nor does it provide a relevant professional recognition of their skills.The aim of this course is to provide the Programme and Project Support Professional with comprehensive training in the techniques,processes and supporting infrastructure needed to develop and provide effective programme and project support,with ISEB accreditationAdvanced Level Course ContentsThe Programme and Project Lifecycle-Why and how an organisation commissions the contents of its portfolios of programmes and projects.The role of the Programme and Project Requester and the Programme and Project Sponsor-Why they are needed and what they provide.The Role of the Master Plan Committee-The role and the function of the Master Plan Committee and why it is vital to the organisation.Programme and Project Management Methods-Why they are needed and their composition.Progress Reporting and Timesheet Systems-The different type of progress reporting and timesheet systems and how to select the right one.Dealing with Business as Usual and Non-Project Work-why this needs to be dealt with by the PSO and how to do it.Advanced Business Case Techniques-Allowing or Uncertainty and RisksOther Programme and Project Support Services-The other services the PSO could provideThe PSO terms of Reference and Business Care-how to design and implement appropriate Terms of Reference for the PSO.Designing a PSO-The recommended process for designing a PSO that meets the organisations needs.Project Support Tools-The types and ranges of tools available and how to select the right oneSelling the PSO to the Organisation-How to sell the PSO to the organisation at its start up and through its lifetime.Plus Case StudiesWho Should AttendThe Advanced Course is for:Those who have successfully completed the foundation level and passed the examination. This is a pre-requiste for the advance level courseProgramme ; Project Support Office Managers with two years relevant experience.Programme ; Project Support Office Consultants", "Ban dc xem khi lac mong tua lua hot dua", "", "We are Live in MILTON KEYNES!!!Trinity Centre is the place to be as the Association of Caribbean Residents in Milton Keynes Hosts the UKs famous, SOLID STEEL in a three day concert.This is a first of its kind in MK as our association goes back to it roots. This is to mark our 1st year anniversary of forming our clubOur concert is open to different group attentees as tickets are sold privately.A VIP section is for invited guests and include free Caribbean food and drinks. Also, front sitting area.Games and dance competitions are on the programme for each day of the event.Looking forward to seeing you there.Note: Only tickets sold electronically will be vald for the three day event. Tickets sold at the venue gate are valid for daily event only", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Comedy Fund Raiser for Paul LaMarche at the Fenton Moose Lodge #430Your Internationally-Touring Headliner is Magician/Comedian Nathan Kranzo wsg Julie Lyons, Nate Armbruster, Mark Roebuck, Jeff Scheen, Kent Tucker, Tom E. Thompson and your Host Aaron Campbell.Doors Open at 6:00, Dinner Buffet at 7:00, Comedy Show at 8:00Each ticket purchase includes dinner and two drink tickets21+ to attend", "Come and Join Cjof the queen of a concertits gonna be a nice toura tour you will never forget in your lifealso Ray J and Ron Nox will be doing a opening for Cjalso SaltN Peper Girls", "The AEIRS will be holding a Clinical Instructors Workshop on Friday, August 29, 2012 at the . Please note that the AEIRS CI Workshop requires a separate registration form and a separate payment from that of the Ashford Society Conference.;The room rates will be same as for the Ashford Seminar and reservations must be made through CONNECTIONS at 0208 432 5673. For program information, registration fees, etc., contact: Kim MetcalfAEIRS Ashford CI Workshop Chair", "Come on party people and get ready to SWEAT with Torontos best DJ lineup in the city - DJ Tyrone and Flatline sound crew.$5 each and every night with $100 bottle service, you cant go wrong!With the cities flyest girls and hottest guys partying beside you each and every sunday.Ample parking!!!Nows your chance to be part of the HYPE!!! This party is crazy every week!!!", "", "This is an exhibit of Jennifer&rsquo;s na&iuml;vistic mixed-media paintings with a summer theme.; &ldquo;I prefer to do rather than think when I paint, throwing myself into joyful experience that is more spontaneous performance than planned construction,&rdquo; she says of her work. Any ticket comes with a free print among the choices available.", "Jadakiss Will Be In The Flesh Live At Club InStyle Worcester", "Halloween Thriller ConcertThe annual Halloween Thriller is one of the most popular events in town every October, and costumes are only part of the fun at this festival. The Halloween Thriller is an all-out display of music, as well, andconcert ticketssell out fast to see the renowned DJs and artists at the Halloween Thriller.The Halloween Thriller features all kinds of ghostly and eerie decor to go along with the blowout holiday experience. All things Halloween are epitomized at the Halloween Thriller in New Jersey , and live music is the big draw at the event. Get tickets today to this years Halloween Thriller and dont miss a single second of the musical excitement!", "", "This Epilepsy training course is designed to discuss the signs and causes of Epilepsy,how to recognise and manage it plus the best courses of action if you are in a situation with someone having a seizure.Advanced Management of Seizures certificate valid for 3yrs is issued at end of course.First Aid Management training at work is a course which teaches basic first aid skills . certificate which is valid for one year is given.These 2 Courses are delivered over 5hrs with 30minutes break in between. light lunch during break plus cups of tea and coffee is provided through training.dress code is casual and ladies are advised to wear trousersThis course is assessed by the trainer.", "Champagne ; Canape reception from 9pm-10pm at The Kensington Club.Were partying till 4am so book your tickets ; tables ASAP! TICKETS Guaranteed to sell out!Music: Commertial and R and B by Ben Cain!! winner of best New London Dj in 2011 andHouse andby Playtime Productions Recess RecordingsThis is Strictly a ticket event!DRESS CODE: SMART,GLAM ; SOPHISTICATED!TICKETS currently priced at PS40KENSINGTON CLUB, 1 Kensington High Street, London, W8 5NP**TABLES**TABLES: PS500 very limitedTables: PS750Tables: PS1000VIP Booths: PS1500To book contact0788 9597773or email styleparties@hotmail.co.uk", "NYE MASQUERADE BALL 2012 AT CAFE DE PARIS!! NYE NYE NYE END OF 2012!!!!Are you ready for 2013??;STANDARD TICKETS AT &pound;50 PER PERSON NOW.!!!;;This will be one of the most glamorous events this NYE!! ;Cafe de Paris is an idylic stylish venue centrally situated in Picadilly/ Leicester Square area.Come and party at London&rsquo;s no1 celebrity hot spot and enjoy an evening of fun and sophistication!Each and every week Cafe de Paris puts on some of the best and biggest parties in London and this night is sure to be the highlight of the year!Don&rsquo;t miss out on being at the must be seen at party of the year!Get your Cafe de Paris Masquerade Ball New Years Eve tickets delivered instantly here now!First 100 attendees will receive a complimentary Mask or bring your ownChampagne and canap&eacute;s reception from 9pm till 10pmA mix of party and club anthems.The venue will be decadently dressed to create a voyeuristic playground for pleasure! Come and revel in our New Years Eve festivities from 9pm until 4- 430am. Expect amazing live entertainment and international DJs playing funky house ; club classics .;Complimentary Champagne ; Canape reception from 9pm to 10pm for all ticket holders!!Dress code is elegant and glamorous, ;or period costume .;The e-ticket is for entry only and you can easily select amount of tickets required.;;Doors open at 9pm. Complimentary Champagne ; Canape reception from 9pm.;Address: Cafe de Paris 3-4 Coventry Street, West End, London, W1D 6BL ;Nearest Tube station: Picadilly Circus/ Leicester Square 5 minutes walk;;Tables available from &pound;800 for up to 10 people. Contact 0788 959 7773 to arrange or email styleparties@hotmail.co.ukContact Syleparties on 0788 959 7773 for nighly club parties all through the year.", "The RATIA Network+ N10-005 Practice Lab gives you access to a real networking environment including Routers, Switches and Microsoft Windows devices that enable you to gain hands on skills in networking concepts and technologies. By completing the lab tasks you will improve your practical skills in installing, configuring, monitoring, and troubleshooting a variety of networking technologies including Microsoft DHCP services, installing Cisco routers and switches, monitoring a network using packet sniffers, configuring layer 2 and layer 3 services, understanding high availability and controlling remote access and security. Becoming proficient in these tasks will also help you understand the objectives and competencies required by the RATIA Network + certification exam.On course completion, students will be able to:Describe the features of different network protocols and products for LANs, WANs, and wireless networksUnderstand the functions and features of TCP/IP addressing and protocolsIdentify threats to network resources and appropriate security countermeasuresInstall and configure network cabling and appliancesManage, monitor, and troubleshoot networks", "Bruce Springsteen comes back to the Uk in 2013 with a restrictive show at Sunday 30th June 2013 Hard Rock Calling, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. Bruce Springsteen fans can purchase Bruce Springsteen tickets in London with Premier Events at moderate costs. For booking Bruce Springsteen tickets you can call us on 020 7283 4040 or book on the web.http://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/bruce-springsteen-tickets/default.aspx", "", "Do you cringe when you stand in front of a full-length mirror? Do you yearn for an earlier time when you felt more fit and healthy? Whether you&rsquo;re getting older, had a baby, or are recovering from an illness or injury, your body may no longer look or perform the way you&rsquo;d like. This fun, instructive seminar offers tips and techniques to get back in shape, improve your nutrition, achieve mind-body-spirit balance, and maintain a positive attitude to look and feel better than you ever have before.Featuring:Kerry Corcoran, clinical nurse specialist and owner of The Dailey Method exercise studio in Berkeley, California, offers simple, effective strategies to get back in shape, have a healthy but still tasty diet, and heal your injuries.Kurt Petersen, 10-year fitness aficionado, shares how to maintain discipline and a positive mind set to achieve both your health and life goals.Laurie puts on her hat as a master wellness practitioner and former personal trainer, teaching about mind-body-spirit connection and how to make fitness fun.NOTE: This seminar is the 4th of 6 in Laurie Gardners Courageous U series, \"Big Shell or Bust: Making and Managing Change.\" Enroll in each seminar separately or enjoy the whole series.Also note that this seminar was originally offered as a live teleseminar. Udemy participants who have questions should type them on Udemy rather than following the instructions for phone Q ; A.What people are saying about \"I Want My Body Back!\":&ldquo;There is a glut of health and fitness advice out there; it is hard to sort through it all and find and maintain a routine that works for me. This seminar hit the nail on the head. Thank you, Laurie!&rdquo; - Jack L., San Francisco\"Laurie&rsquo;s seminar is really helping me refocus on what is important to me and to start getting rid of all of my distractions and excuses. Thank you!&rdquo; - Scott H., Portland, ME", "4:00 PM Kick-off check in Health Care Pavilion; and festival opensOther special services coming 4:00 Youth Fun Zone All Day Opens 5:00 PM Media Kick Off /Red CarpetChristian Karaoke 7pm &ndash; 12 pm Friday ; Saturday 6:30 Unsigned Artist ShowcasePre-show Entertainment Main BallroomWelcome to the fest 2012 Dr. Riki BrooksHost TBA8:00 PM Atlanta Gospelfest Kick-Off Concert featuringHart Ramsey Ministries/ Zoe ;Main StageWelcome Covenant Cookies/ Lauretta Pierce/ Dr Riki BrooksFeaturing artist from around the world11:00 pm Main show closesCloses MidnightAll day 4 Entertainment ; Exhibits until MidnightClosing 12: midnightSaturday Festival Activities;open 9 am until MidnightSaturday July 27 2013Youth Zone opens 9amHelp The People Stage/ Artist Showcasing opens 10:00 amArtist showcasing All Day12 noon ;;Writers Literary Arts Expo presented by Destiny Publishing artist do you have a book manuscript Destiny publishing is looking for you come out and show your work films / books play and novel be seen by the world leading publisher.;Main Registration 9 am &ndash; 8pm p;;12 noon Praise Dance Workshop / facilitator tba1pm: Artist Bootcamp Industry Workshop Calling all artist, writers, musicians, producers and those who are in Gospel Christian Entertainment.;; Join a discussion with Top industry leaders movers and shakers on the essential needs for success and sustainability in today&rsquo;s Gospel Music market Just when you thought you new it all There is always more you need to know. panelist keep checking back.;1 pm; Bishop&rsquo;s Roundtable / Ministry Facilitators Relax in an engaging debate on the that which;is crucial to set the record straight and bring clarity about the many challenges in the leadership of a Bishop and today&rsquo;s church leaders. This highly anticipated event was attended by over 60 Bishops at the 2012 festival. There will be a light brunch served followed by a roundtable discussion. This is an open forum and all are welcome you will have the opportunity to join in discussion with many other distinguished guest Bishops, community activist and leaders across the country. Featured Bishops tba.;1:00 pm Modern Day Miracles Seminar ; WorkshopWorkshop Guest Speaker;; John Luppo: The Essential Keys of Building a Godly Relationship while getting your Life back on track. Have you ever had a season in your life that put you off course with God? Causing you to turn to drugs, alcohol and unwanted behavior?;; This workshop is designed to motivate, inspire and lead you into new direction especially for those whom struggle with addictions hosted by a dynamic spirit filled man of God, movie producer and talent scout who hales out of the Bronx, NY;; John Luppo a radical evangelist hot on the scene with Wall Street Praise! He is an awesome man of God who reaches out to the multitudes to spread the message of hope by any means necessary.;; Your in for a real treat! 2:00 am;We will proudly present a Call To Women Ladies High Tea Choose to Live Lecture followed by Concert, guest speaker is Cheryl \"Action\" Jackson. ;In this workshop there will be a fashion show and lecture module women&rsquo;s secrets to and successes to living a victorius life welcoming ladies who choose to live life healthy and abundantly Ladies wear your hats because there will be prizes given by the American Diabetes Association and LWRT and Covenant Cookies Dr. Janice Crenshaw.;;2:00 &ndash; 4:00;;;;;;;;;;; AGF Artist Showcasing / Break Main Stage5:00 PM ;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Red Carpet/Media Walk;;;;;;; 5:00 PM;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Black Tie Red Carpet Gala6:00 PM ;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Pre-Show Dinner Reserved seating only7:00 PM ;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Awards PresentationWelcome tba** Mayor&rsquo;s Welcome @ 8 PM **;8:00 PM ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;Main Concert ;featured artist Bishop Paul Morton tba Guest Speaker Jamal Bryant", "Madness In Holloway", "Get grounded in the essential elements of high-level business courses in just one week. Fast track to;advance your knowledge base, make more informed decisions, develop successful strategies and achieve your personal and organizational goals. You will learn how key components of;various business units;must be integrated and aligned to achieve short and long-term success. This seminar is presented by a team of expert faculty specializing;in accounting, finance, strategy, marketing and management.; With practical examples, case studies and practice, this is your seminar to accelerate to the next level of excellence.", "Showcasing new ideas in email ; digital marketing, this dynamic event offers an immersive forum for cross-channel marketing attendees, speakers, sponsors and exhibitors to draw inspiration from one another and explore new technologies and techniques. For the past 5 years, we&rsquo;ve focused on the ever-changing and evolving world of email marketing, providing you with the best ways to capitalize on the high ROI this low-cost communication tool can provide both on its own, and integrated with social, search, mobile, video and other email enhancers.ConferencesHere are a few reasons why you need to find some time in your busy schedule and attend at least several marketing conferences this year.1. Learning and sharing knowledge.You will be able to capture knowledge of the latest trends and challenges facing the digital marketing industry, learn new tools and the most useful features and how to implement them in your marketing campaigns to move your business to the next level, get answers to questions which you are conscious about or get approval of the direction your business is moving to.2. Inspiring and generating new ideas.Since there are so many creative and bright people attending marketing conferences, they definitely share their new and genuine ideas with other attendees. You may be inspired by someone&rsquo;s presentation or personality, and that may lead to creating and considering your own innovative ideas or starting to thing about things differently.3. Building relations.Attending big gatherings is a great opportunity to meet new people, communicate with them, build partnership relations that will help your business to grow, or find sponsors for your new projects.Hope I have managed to assure you that participating in conferences is worth investing your time to.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastesIndividual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awarenessAn interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there!A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff!Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying adviceYou dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tastingA chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matchingOpinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; WineWe have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journeyLet us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discoveryLight and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "Please join the Mountain-Desert Network of the International Womens Insolvency and Restructuring Confederation for a 3-hour, interactive session on effective negotiation techniques. The program will be led by experienced mediators who will review sources of conflict, different approaches to conflict resolution, and tips for effective communication. The session begins at 8:30 a.m. on Thursday, January 19, 2012 with a continental breakfast. Thereis a separate registration fee of $95 for participation in this program.Sponsors:Jaeger Kottmeier AssociatesDorsey ; Whitney LLPMarkus WillImas Young ; Zimmermann LLCFairfield and Woods, P.C.Pachulski Stang Ziehl Young Jones Weintraub, LLP", "Join us for the best New Years Eve Party that San Diego has to offer. Its a formal Affair with gowns and tuxedos and Suits. Start with stimulating music entertainment while dining to an all you can eat dinner Buffet. Also included are party favors, San Diegos Hottest Disc Jockey  Dj John Phillips of Golden Voice Productions , a midnight Champagne toast, a soultrain line that goes all the way out the door, Line dances, old and new school music, all with RESERVED SEATING, and lots of Fun, Fun, Fun. TICKETS ARE LIMITED AND EARLY PURCHASE GETS YOU UP FRONT.Get your friends together and bring in the New Year RIGHT!Date: December 31st, 2011Time : 7 pm till 1amWhere: Sheraton Hotel, Mission Valley 1433 Camino Del Rio South San Diego, Calif 92108For more info Call 619-563-5826 or 619-698-6701For special price on rooms Call : 1-800-325-3535", "ReisaTea Club takes over Dalston Roof Park with a FASH MASH! Festivalette - an afternoon of games, craft, customising and rooftop DJing by Curious People and Gaggle, plus a BBQ and all day bar to boot! Crafternoon will work with you to transform pre-loved garments that could have otherwise ended up in the landfill into DIY, individualised fashions, and all for free - bring your own old clothes along too!", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "Future performing LIVE Feb. 18th 2012 at Miami NightclubGet advance cut-line tickets NOW, no waiting in line!!! Not VIP ticketsTo ensure ENTRY arrive early!!! Doors open at 9pm This is a 21;up EVENT!!!", "", "Section 426, row m, seats 18 - 21", "COME READY TO SEE UR FAVORIT ARTIST WORK AND HAVE BREAKFAST WILL U LOOK AT AMAZIN ART WORK BYTHE BEST ARTIST ALIVE DONATIONS IS OK ALL MONEY MADE WILL GO TO HELP PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT ABLE TO LIVEA GOOD LIFE IT WILL GO TOWARDS FOOD SHELTER EXT.", "", "Few companies are known for consistently providing outstanding customer service like Walt Disney World and Southwest Airlines. David Reed, a former Disney cast member and Jason Young, a former Southwest customer service trainer and manager have gathered the best practices of these two companies in this informative new customer service program. Both experts have joined forces to share proven service strategies that will inspire you and your organization to take the necessary steps to becoming an organization known for legendary service.;;\"The Ultimate Customer Service Culture\" workshop includes presentations from Jason Young, author of Culturetopia and David Reed, author of A Culture of Service. This half-day customer service experience combines two successful service philosophies and is designed for all employee levels. Every organization will benefit from this engaging presentation, including Fortune 500 companies, small businesses, non-profits and government agencies.", "This second webinar will be packed with topics such as keyword research, SEO, duplicate content, multiple site issues, video optimization, site optimization, and usability, while offering high-level strategies that can help you grow your business, networking events, parties and more.Are you a freelance copywriter and you want to expand your business? Have your clients been clamoring for search engine-friendly writing? i Groups online seminar will teach you the latest SEO content strategies, step-by-step. Plus, I&rsquo;ll show you how you can make more money by being an &ldquo;expert SEO copywriting resource&rdquo; for your clients. Learn more about the online SEO Copywriting Certificate training.Weve taught people around the world how to make more money &ndash; just by learning how to write for search engines. Weve worked with everyone from small businesses owners to search engines and Fortune 50 companies. And we can help you too.*Join us on Saturday May 5 from 5pm to 6:30pm and grow your online business!*all those participating will be provided a secure web link via e-mail once a ticket has been purchased.", "", "", "\"CREATING WEALTH THROUGH REAL ESTATE\"Wealth building through real estate investments begins with one house at a time. Often, when you hear people talk about real estate investing they are talking big numbers. You hear about the millions to be made in the market, especially now when everything is on sale. You hear stories about the people who own 50 or more single family homes or bought a package of 10 investment properties. What gets lost in the hype is that the vast majority of these investors began with just one house.My story, like many successful real estate investors, begins with one small house in Texas. It took me awhile to buy this house. I made lots of offers before one was accepted, and I walked away from a few deals for a variety of reasons most of which had more to do with fear than with the numbers. Finally, one of my mentors looked me in the eye and said, \"Buy this house.\" So I bought a house that no one else would buy, held my breath and my stomach because the butterflies were giving me a stomach ache and signed on the proverbial dotted line.Every successful investor has a story like this. Most of us are just like you, scared of making a wrong choice, but determined to change the financial future of our families. Finding a mentor you can trust and following their advice makes that first purchase easier and more successful.Our first rental investment property in Texas was a diamond in the rough. Once cut and polished, we captured $36,000 in equity and a cash flow after all costs of $429.00/month. This from a house that no one wanted to buy! I remember my mentor telling me, \"Someone lives in every house on this street and someone will live here too. The question is, will you be the one who profits from it?\"The next house came shortly after with an equity capture of $21,000 and $324.00/month cash flow after all expenses.The third house represents an equity capture of $27,000 and $290/month in cash flow. All of these properties have an ROI Return on Investment of 43%/year or more.A picture is forming, right? For most of us, it is not one big deal that takes us from a J-O-B to retirement. It is taking the first step and following the correct road map that leads you, over a period of about 5 years, to the retirement you have dreamed of. I am not there yet, but I am well on my way and I am already enjoying the benefits of my real estate investments. I quit my J-O-Bin order to focus full time on my real estate related investments, and I am having a blast!Just these 3 investments represent $84,000 in unrealized capital gains. Every month my renters increase this number by paying my mortgage. In addition, they provide $1043.00 in additional income for my family. Although real estate values may fall some more before they recover, my renters will not move out. They will continue to pay rent each month because they like where they live. I will not sell the properties until I can realize the capital gains I need to move to the next step of my 5 year retirement plan. In addition to my rentals, I have flipped several properties and I am a hard money lender with an annualized return of 15% last year helping others to get started in real estate investing.My properties are the best product at the best price in the neighborhood so they rent quickly. My renters are happy to find such a nice home. The neighbors are delighted to have the blight in the neighborhood transformed into a beautifully updated home, increasing the value of every home in the neighborhood. The vendors who participated in the deal, from appraisers to roofers, are happy to have work in a time of recession. The social value in our model of real estate investing is priceless.We plan to buy 6 more rental properties before the end of 2021. With a conservative estimate of $15,000 in unrealized capital gain in each property, and a cash flow of $250 a month, this will add over $90,000 to our net worth and $1,500 a month to our cash flow. We are perfectly positioned to sell our investment properties whenever the market recovers and roll that money tax free through a 1031 exchange into a multifamily investment that generates a solid return and requires minimal oversight as a passive investor.We will continue to invest a portion of our funds in Hard Money Loans to others, generating a great return on our investment and providing others with the opportunity to get started in real estate investing.Because we are teachingthe publicthe business, we will flip several properties this year in order to help them make the money they need to acquire their own rental properties.We are one year in to our 5 year retirement plan, and we are doing well. Where are you? Find a mentor you can trust, one who has successfully invested in real estate through up and down markets. Develop your own personal road map from J-O-B to the retirement of your dreams. Take the first step along your personal route to success by buying one property. Then buy another, and another, and another. Wealth building through real estate investments begins with one house at a time!", "People say there is nothing new about Content Marketing, but as technology improves so it does, lets show you the way to go about it we have doen the hard work of researching and now we bring you a conference with people who have nothing less than 6yrs of prolific research and everyday investment in the field.The conference is absolutely free...The trainings are very cheap and you will get incredible value for your money, the trainings which ever one you pay for will start immediately after the conference we will also give you after training service and follow up.LETS SHOW YOU THE NITTY GRITTY OF THE BUSINESS AND HELP YOU GROW...", "FOREX IN THE BASICSCOME FOR OUR FREE SEMINAR/PAID TRAINING WHERE WE WILL LEAD YOU BY HAND TO THE REAL BASICS.SEMINARTHIS IS FREE, WE WILL TEACH YOU THE BASICS PLUS WHY YOU NEED TO BE PART OF THE FOREX TRADEALL THESE BY THE LEADING EXPERTS.TRAININGTAKES PLACE IMMIDIATELY AFTER SEMINAR ON SAME DAYTHIS TRAINING IS PAID BUT YOU WILL GET*LIVE ACCOUNT LOADED WITH PS100*ANYTIME AFTER TRAINING SUPPORT*FREE SEMINAR TICKET*YOU WILL GET TO SEE TRADING BEING DONE LIVE*THE REAL TRICKS FOR THE TRADE HOW NOT TO LOSE*HOW TO PREDICT THE TRENDSAND MANY EXTRAS WITH DVD AND BOOKS.", "event", "", "sdfgsdf", "In this 1 day Photoshop Lightroom course you will cover:Effective use of catalogues, collections, keywords, and filters in the Library moduleImage correction and enhancement with the Develop modulePublishing the results via the Slideshow, Print, and Web modules;Course PrerequisitesYou should be familiar with digital imaging.Experience with Photoshop is preferable, but not essential.Course Content:Lightroom Training Course ContentLightroom IntroductionWorking with RAW filesUnderstanding the interfaceImporting and organising imagesUsing import presetsUsing Auto importThe Lightroom Library moduleUsing the NavigatorUnderstanding Grid View and Loupe View optionsLibrary module: keywordsApplying keywordsKeyword stampingImporting keywordsLibrary module: organisationUsing ratings and metadataUsing Compare and Survey modeUsing CollectionsLightroom Develop Module: Using the Basic PanelUnderstanding the HistogramCorrecting white balanceUsing the Tone controlsUsing the Vibrance and Saturation controlsCreating and using virtual copiesThe Develop Module: Using the Tool Strip ToolsCroppingStraighteningSpot RemovalFixing red-eyeUsing the Graduated Filter toolUsing the Adjustment BrushMore Develop Module: OptionsUsing the Tone Curve controls Using HSL and ColourConverting to GrayscaleSplit ToningThe Develop Module: Improving DetailsReducing noiseSharpeningRemoving chromatic aberrationThe Develop Module: Creating VignettesUsing the Lens Correction controlsUsing the Post-Crop controlsCreating Lightroom SlideshowsUsing SlideshowCustomising SlldeshowsCustomising the overlay elementsPrinting with LightroomUsing Print templatesCustomising images settings and layoutCustomising guides and overlaysPicture PackageCreating a custom Print template", "Get the Inside Scoop!The Sub-Saharan Africa Property Summit SAPIS 2013 Conference is the first annual conference to be hosted by OVID Capita.SAPIS 2013 will provide property investors; leaders and enthusiasts with the opportunity to gain an insight into the emerging market that is Sub-Saharan Africa!Industry experts will provide delegates with property investment opportunities in Sub-Saharan African countries, and give you the chance to network and connect with potential partners. Delegates will meet with property industry&rsquo;s companies, key decision-makers, investors and financial institutions, developers and African investment representatives.The conference has been developed to afford potential players in the property and investment markets the opportunity to attend an international conference, and encourage international players to share their knowledge, at the same time receiving exposure to local thinking, and being able to appreciate the various Sub-Saharan property investment opportunities.The topical themes SAPIS will address has certainly become a recognised opportunity for professionals and experts from industry as well as researchers to access a platform to share their knowledge, experience and research results in the field of property investment in Sub-Saharan Africa.Real Estate professionals the world over will be joining their colleagues at SAPIS in central London. The conference will feature keynote speakers, tutorials, paper presentations by experts in the real estate and investments arena discussing trends, developments and the future of the real estate market in the African economy.", "You already know the secret location. Pay for your ticket and show up", "i will show u .; my dance!", "BIG the musicalMusical comedy based on the 1990s Tom Hanks movie \"BIG\" about a boy who would like to be grown up. One for all the family!Running from 14 to 22 June for 7 performances", "Gamelan, the Javanese Orchestra;Gamelan is surely not a foreign music. It has been popular in most continents and has created new music integration, for example jazz-gamelan, has born institution as learning space and gamelan music expression and it has produced famous gamelan musicians. Gamelan music instrument can now be enjoyed in various parts of the world, but Yogyakarta is the right place to enjoy it since you can enjoy the original version of gamelan.Gamelan that grows in Yogyakarta is Javanese gamelan, one form of gamelan that is different from Balinese gamelan or Sundanese gamelan. Javanese gamelan has softer and slower tones; it is different from Balinese gamelan that is very dynamic and Sundanese gamelan that is melodious with domination of the voice of seruling or traditional bamboo flute. The difference is just natural since Java has its own view of life that is expressed in its gamelan music melody.The Javanese view of life that is expressed in its gamelan music is the harmony of physical and spiritual lives, harmony in talking as well as behaving in order not to create explosive expression and to realize people tolerance. The real form of harmony in Javanese gamelan music is the moderate play of rebab string, voice harmony of kenong, saron kendang and gambang and the voice of gong ate each closing of the melody.There is no definite history of gamelan existence. The development of gamelan music is predicted to begin from the existence of kentongan, rebab, tap on the mouth, rubs on string and thin bamboo until the introduction of metal music instruments. Further development after named by gamelan, this music was used to accompany leather puppet show and dances. Later it became independent music and it was completed with voices of female singers called sinden.A set of gamelan consists of several music instruments; some of them are drum called kendhang, rebab, and celempung, gambang, gong and bamboo flute or seruling. The main components composing the gamelan music instruments are bamboo, metal, and wood. Each of the instrument has its own function in a gamelan music show, for example the gong functioning to close the long music melodies and to give balance after the music was previously decorated by Javanese music melodies.Javanese gamelan is music with pentatonic melodies. A complete gamelan play consists of two cycles, namely slendro and pelog. Slendro has 5 melodies per octave, namely 1 2 3 5 6 [C- D E+ G A] with small interval difference. Pelog has 7 melodies per octave namely 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 [C+ D E- F# A B] with big interval difference. Gamelan music composition was created with some rules, namely consists of some cycles and pathet, confined by one gong and the melodies were created in a unit consisting of 4 melodies.You can see gamelan as an independent music performance or a companion of a dance or performance arts such as leather puppet show and ketoprak. As an independent performance, gamelan music is usually combined with the voice of the Javanese singers male singers are called wiraswara and female singers are called waranggana or sinden. Gamelan music performance can be classic or contemporary. One form of contemporary gamelan is jazz-gamelan as a combination of music with pentatonic and diatonic melodies.One of the places in Yogyakarta where you can see gamelan performance is Yogyakarta Kingdom. On Thursdays from 10:00a.m. to 12:00p.m. gamelan is performed as an independent music performance. On Saturdays at the same hours, gamelan is performed as companion of leather puppet show, while on Sundays at the same hours, gamelan accompanies Javanese traditional dance. Please come to Bangsal Sri Manganti to see the performance. Meanwhile, in order to see older gamelan music instrument, you can go to other hall of the kingdom that is located a little further at the back.", "webinar training", "If you fancy watching some fast-paced Twenty20 cup cricket then get yourself down to the Kai Oval for the Friends Life T20 game between Surrey and Kent.Oval,;Surrey County Cricket Club,;Kennington,;LondonMatch date:26th July 2013;from 2pm to 5pm;ticket price &pound;20;", "Have you ever tasted some of those lovely french bakery and asked yourself what makes them so special. You will have a one time opportunity to watch a French chef give you the step by step secret to making lovely French Croissants at home. All you will need is a computer and internet conection and skype to take part in the event.Also price will include dvds sent to you to view on your own convenience to make sure you do not miss ou any steps when you will be making the croissants yourselves.;", "", "Food Night In Awan House Karachi Pakistan .. this is my personal House, Foods are Chicken Broasts, Zinger burger, Club Sandwich, ColdDrinks and much more..Come and Enjoy with Us..", "Hello Dancers!!;Its time to sign up for the;newest upcoming dance event hosted by Xxclusive Dance Crew..;MIDWEST DANCE WEEK!!Midwest Dance Week will take place September 20-21st;On September 20th Kay Kay;Harris from 8flavahz Americas Best Dance Crew Season 7 Will be coming to Indianapolis to teach a hip hop workshop! The workshop will be from 6-8pm at Performers Edge Dance Theatre. The cost of the workshop is $25. SPACE IS LIMITED!!;; spots are filling up fast. Tickets will be $35 at the door, so its better to get them in advance;Also on September 21st there will be a dance showcase for all studios, crews, teams, and solo dancers around the Midwest. Kay Kay;will be at the showcase as well, so bring your A-game! The cost of the showcase is $35 for all solo dancers and $55 for all crews, teams, and studios. If you are wanting to sign up for this please email xxclusivedance@gmail.com ; we will send you all the necessary forms you will need. Deadline for registration is September 10th!;Dont miss out on this opportunity!!We hope to see you there!!!", "", "SUNDAY WILL BE A TOTAL SHUT DOWN;PICK WHERE YOU WANNA GO BUT PICK WISELY!!POP THAT WILL BE A SOLD OUT NITE;COME PARTY LIKE A ROCK STAR;WITH SOME OF THE BEST DJS AROUND FOR MORE INFO;VIP TABLES ONLYINFORMATION CALL :D. SMOOTH 07984866184", "", "Tous les lundis soirs &agrave; partir de 20h30, le;Jackrabbit Slims;se met en mode;\"movie night\";pour vous faire red&eacute;couvrir les films cultes du cin&eacute;ma am&eacute;ricain.;;Usual Suspects, Gladiator, Dirty Dancing ou encore Reservoir Dogs, Jackrabbit Slims vous propose chaque semaine sur sa page facebook une s&eacute;lection de films am&eacute;ricains dont on ne se lasse pas...&agrave; vous de voter pour celui que vous voulez voir diffus&eacute; sur notre &eacute;cran g&eacute;ant! Petit plus: tous les films sont diffus&eacute;s en;VO sous-titr&eacute;e fran&ccedil;ais.;Jackrabbit Slims:;22 bis, rue Mohamed Sedki - Bouleverard dAnfa - Casablanca", "El \" Loco \" Yuspe en concierto acustico para sus amigosPlanetario de Lan&uacute;sPocas localidades apurate!", "", "Dallas Cowboys At Washington Redskins Landover", "", "", "25 Konzerttickets f&uuml;r Macklemore ; Ryan Lewis Live 2013 in der Jahrhunderthalle Frankfurt. Das Konzert findet am Sonntag, den 29. September 2013 statt.;;Platz: Parkett Stehplatz", "", "", "", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "Allow us to be a \"godsend\" to youThis is our invitation to you to:*Become a Launch Team Member*Provide time, skills and resources*Invest in what God is doing*Hear from GodWe are praying that you want to know more information about us. This is not the same thing in a different place, this is something new and exciting!! Everyone can participate and is welcome We are asking for a 6 month committment from you. During this 6 months, there are many ways that you can be support to us. a. Prayer - The most important thing that we need is your prayers. The prayers of the righteous availeth much. b. Time - Serving at the meetings, advertising, marketing and so much more. c. Resources - Your resources could be your contacts, your friends in business and your financial resources. We need doors opened for us and you may be the person who has the key.There is a job just right for you!For a more detailed list of the projects that we need help with click here. There are so many areas, we know that you can find your place. The best way to learn about ways that you can be a part is to attend our launch team building meetings that will be held at the Orange Park Public Library. For directions click here.", "Details:It's going down at Crown on New Year's Eve!The Crown Nightclub in Las Vegas presents TygaThe hottest hip hop artist of the decade with superstar Bobby V hosting the New Year!The event takes place on Saturday, December 31st. Doors open at 9PM with DJ Dre Dae and DJ Frazen, and DjEveready Dress Code: Dress to impressType of Music/Crowd: Hip hop", "", "", "You are NOT alone!;The whole is always greater than the sum of its parts!;;Going from &lsquo;Me&rsquo; to &lsquo;We&rsquo; is a Positively Powerful path to a more &lsquo;Positively Sustainable&rsquo; Lifestyle.;There POSITIVELY IS a magic to the energy of Synergy and Co-creation when you take Action to open yourself to the Five-Cs of Co-Creation: Consciousness, Connection, Creativity, Communication, ; Community.;;Take the next step to connect the dots - with your life AND your work - and experience how Co-Creation can shift the needle for you!;;This all-day workshop will start you down this path and will be FUN! You will leave with not just a new perspective but with a Focus and a Plan - and Direction!;;Come ready to PLAY!;;Fee includes a box-lunch, drinks, and special Bonus Gifts", "COME BE WITH THE KIDS OF KNOXVILLE OF SHANDS ;FOR THERE 9TH ANNUAL BENEFIT CONCERT AND LUNCHEON. ALL PROCEEDS GO TO A WONDERFUL CAUSE TO HELP OUR FIGHT AGAINST LEUKEMIA. PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR MORE INFO..http://www.livestrong.org/Get-Help/Get-One-On-One-Support?gclid=CIaJuaPgya4CFQNntgodhSq-AA;WE HAVE ALSO SCHEDULED A GRAND TOUR OF THE NEWEST LEUKEMIA FACILITY IN MELCHER-DALLAS, IA AND MEET AND GREET WITH MAYOR AND CELEBRITY APPRENTICE AND COUNTRY MUSIC STAR GARTH BROOKS STARTING THIS FRIDAY STARTNG AT 6PM AVAILABLE TO ALL OF OUR VIP GUEST.PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS NOW AND ALSO ENTER TO WIN AN ALL EXPENSE PAID TRIP NEW YORK, NY TO ATTEND A SPECIAL EVENT YOU DONT WANT TO MISS TO SHOWCASE THE WORLDS MOSE EXCLUSIVE DONORS AND PHYSICIANS OF THE UNITED STATES. MANY CELEBRITY GUEST YOU DONT WANT TO MISS AND MORE..;HOSTED BY REPUBLICAN PARTY CANDIDATE ADAM WADLE.", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", ";; Tim Evrettes;Science;Tour is an event that provides a platform for the students in; to display their;independent;science, engineering, and mathematics research.;Participants are chosen from the time they enter the application, all fees are;paid;best;local school projects and competed for regional honors in;August 2012.;;Designated regional fair winners then competed in the Georgia Science and Engineering Fair;GSEF;on the campus of;the University of Georgia in;Athens.Competition at each level can also result in special awards for projects that meet specific awards criteria.;;Science fair participation for students;at any level;can be a rewarding experience resulting in increased understanding and interest in science, engineering, and mathematics.;Science fair projects give you the opportunity to experience science and biology through hands-on activities. In order to ensure that you have a great;science project, it is important that you first understand; the scientific method.;;;", "The Nightscrawlers have been throwing exceptional partiies for the west london crew. But now we going east to the Aquatairum Club.This is the first time Nightcrawlers have decided to throw a pool party after high demands from our amazing party foloowers. We have hired the pool area with its own private dance floor and bar. We have decided to pay for 40 bottles of Moet Chandon at the bar so our guests can have free champagne until the bottles last. However the bar will still have all the other cocktails available.Doors Open 9pm - 4am / Sunday 12th AugTickets: PS40Dress Code: Smart Casual Sexy - Oh and bring you swimsuit after all it is a pool party.Adress: Club Aquarium,262 Old Street, London, EC1V 9DDWe have had to change dates of the event as for the weekend the venue decided to book a Olympic Party. The only other convenient date is for this Tuesday, its midweek but since we are all off uni, this shouldnt be a problem. This News has also been anonounced on our facebook page.See you all on tuesday night. Bring your swimsuits everyone.", "Be entertained by some of Torontos hottest up and coming Hip-Hop, R;B, Reggae, and Soca artists all under one roof. Free BBQ on site.", "", "", "", "The aftermath of Hurricane Sandy was not enough to keep Oasis-Church-NJ.com, a contemporary Christian church in New Jersey, from meeting this past Sunday. Numerous people gathered in an unheated tent ;in the parking lot of ;Hotel 304 West this Sunday to worship, have communion service and pray for the Hurricane Sandy relief efforts in ;Ocean County, Staten Island and all over the Metroplitan Area of Los angeles. Power at our Hotel 304 West is expected to return this week. Are you interested in helping out with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts? There are a number of ways to help out.The purpose of this sunday event is to raise funds for rebuilding the church.DONATIONS:;donations are accepted by buying tickets. Individuals or members of the church who bought tickets should ;Please print ticket and put it in church envelop on Sunday.;On the event we are also collecting nun perishable foodscans,pasta etc. and bottle water on our sunday service. please bring the food items in bags, so it would be convenient to carry after the event, thank you.;VOLUNTEER:must bring and wear work gloves, work boots or thick sole tennis shoes, safety glasses, long pants, hat, and sunscreen. It will also be helpful to bring rubber boots.- Local volunteers, if possible, should bring tools that are well marked.- Local volunteer groups must call site 24 hours in advance before arriving.- Local volunteers will NEED TO BRING a bagged lunch and water.Here are some of the churches we are working with. One of my friends ;Thanks Mike Beyer already volunteered ;for Hurricane Sandy Clean Up and Food Distribution with Grace and Peace church, and was treated wonderfully by staff. Feel free to contact these churches directly and GET INVOLVED. By the way, if you are a victim of Hurricane Sandy and live nearby Oasis Church please feel free to contact us directly as wellENTERTAINMENT: there would be free food for everybody at the eventVENUE:3150 W Lincoln Ave, Anaheim, CA.TIME: 4PM to 9PMHOST:pastor ;David ButlerFOR MORE INFO: email matrixinterstate@gmail.com, phone 4087151760;", "Bike Tour Through Manhattan and Lunch", "Have you got your SIA badge? Then this course is for you, this is now a mandatory requirement for all Door Supervisors. If your Door Supervisor qualification was obtained prior to October 2010 you will need this 1 day top up training to renew your SIA Licence.This Physical Intervention seminar offers an SIA approved course which instructs candidates in non-harm escorting techniques to be applied to manage difficult situations without causing injury to themselves or members of the general public.This course is designed for those working in the roles where the need for further development in line with Conflict Management training is required. The skills are designed to be non pain compliant and not reliant on size, strength or gender.This seminar is designed to cater for the specifics stated above.Training ContentPhysical Intervention for the Private Security IndustrySafety Awareness for Door Supervisorsfor more information about the course content pls email us onsotin@rocketmail.com", "", "all oldschool jams for all oldschool music loves.....", "- information uber erfolg in ebay.- know-how austausch.- erfahrung sammeln.- wichtige daten erhalten.", "Women and girls are the backbone of our communities, so it&rsquo;s vital to provide them with the resources to allow them to thrive. How could you positively affect the lives in your community? How are you currently effecting your homes as a daughter, or wife, or even a sister?;Come and share your thoughts in our discussion group, and let us know what YOU think it means to be an EMPOWERED female!The discussion group is split into two sessions, please pick the tickets accordingly. Session One is for Mothers* and Wives ONLY. Session two are for all females Mothers* and Wives are welcomeSession One: 17:00 - 19:30Session Two: 20:00 - 22:30*Single Mothers Included", "Welcome to the biggest opportunity to save money. To bring diversity to the way we deliver products to our customers, our marketing team came up with this brilliant idea. We will be hosting a ONE DAY SALE to offer our special customers the biggest discounts we have ever offered. Any ticket you buy today will allow you entry to our One Day SALE and entitles you to certain special discounts. Feel free to buy up to 3 tickets per person.You can visit us on our webstie: www.pc-tronic.co.uk", "APPEL A CANDIDATURE;Le 1 octobre 2012 d&eacute;bute la 1&eacute;me &eacute;dition des &laquo;;Troph&eacute;es de;l&rsquo;Engagement Solidaire;&raquo;, l&rsquo;occasion pour toutes les associations qui;s&rsquo;engagent et agissent au quotidien au sein de la soci&eacute;t&eacute; marocaine de;se faire conna&icirc;tre et d&rsquo;&ecirc;tre soutenues.;Cette op&eacute;ration a pour vocation de donner un v&eacute;ritable coup de pouce;et de projecteur aux associations et aux actions remarquables qu&rsquo;elles;d&eacute;veloppent dans quatre domaines :&bull; HUMANITAIRE ; CARITATIF&bull; ENVIRONNEMENT ; DEVELOPPEMENT&bull; CULTURE ; EDUCATION&bull; ENFANCE ; JEUNESSE;Pour sa premi&egrave;re &eacute;dition, 40 d&rsquo;initiatives seront mises en lumi&egrave;re et;13 associations laur&eacute;ates se partageront une dotation importante et de;nombreux prix.Il y aura 3 laur&eacute;ats par cat&eacute;gorie et un prix sp&eacute;cial;Web projecteur.;Ainsi, parce que chacun peut &ecirc;tre acteur de cette d&eacute;marche solidaire,;le cabinet Conseil Affaire Publique invite les responsables;associatifs, les b&eacute;n&eacute;voles, le grand public &agrave; amplifier ce mouvement;de soutien aux associations et jusqu&rsquo;au 15 d&eacute;cembre 2012 &agrave; inscrire,;recommander ou soutenir son association sur le site : trophee.cap.ma;Cette op&eacute;ration a &eacute;t&eacute; cr&eacute;&eacute;e afin d&rsquo;encourager les acteurs de terrain;et contribuer &agrave; mettre en avant leur formidable cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; et leur;mobilisation pour accompagner le d&eacute;veloppement de l&rsquo;engagement;solidaire plus particuli&egrave;rement.;Un dispositif participatif de solidarit&eacute; ouvert &agrave; tous et accessible;par Internet sera mis &agrave; disposition. Le comit&eacute; organisateur appelle;donc &agrave; une mobilisation du plus grand nombre afin que soient;identifi&eacute;es et donc contact&eacute;es les associations concern&eacute;es par cette;op&eacute;ration.Ainsi, que l&rsquo;on soit responsable associatif, b&eacute;n&eacute;vole ou;citoyen, chacun peut contribuer et jouer un r&ocirc;le essentiel pour;l&rsquo;association de son choix.Il lui suffira d&rsquo;indiquer celle qu&rsquo;il;souhaite voir participer aux Troph&eacute;es des Associations dans la;rubrique &laquo; Je suis supporter &raquo; du site trophee.cap.ma. L&rsquo;association;concern&eacute;e en sera inform&eacute;e et pourra d&egrave;s lors &ecirc;tre candidate.;La rubrique &laquo; Je suis une association &raquo; sera r&eacute;serv&eacute;e &agrave; l&rsquo;inscription;des associations candidates.La c&eacute;r&eacute;monie de remise des Troph&eacute;es donnera lieu aux &eacute;changes et aux;rencontres. Elle permettra aux associations d&rsquo;&ecirc;tre visibles et mises;en valeur.Chacun est invit&eacute; &agrave; rejoindre ce mouvement solidaire, &agrave; recommander ou;encourager une association sur trophee.cap.ma;", "L&rsquo;Instant Conte &agrave; lalliance Franco-marocaine de Safi;Tous les samedis &agrave; 11h. :Les enfants et les adolescents sont attendus pour venir &eacute;couter les histoires racont&eacute;es par la;m&eacute;diath&eacute;caire.;", "This film is about the relationships of three couples- straight and gay - where love is a dance they do in and out of each others armsI am raising funds to create a film whose inspiration came to me in the middle of the night. ;I woke up with two women lovers dancing in my head, and soon it turned into two men, and then a man and a woman; all dancing in twos, exploring each other, the space between them, their attraction and repulsion, and ultimately, their love. ;What started as a work of choreography became a film one evening as I sat in a cafe in the old streets of Paris and saw the dancers partnering each other on that very street in my mind. ;I realized that this film needed to me made; needed to be shared with the world; needed to end the invisible absence of homosexual love in the world of classical contemporary dance and in the world. ;In this time of a return to equality and civil rights, I cannot think of a more appropriate film to be made. A story told completely by dance, to Cello Sonata in A minor by Norwegian composer Grieg, choreographed and directed by Lauren Brim, and filmed in Paris, the city of love.I hope you will support our vision! ;I am bringing together six dancers from Europe and the United States to tell the story of these three couples. ;We will rehearse for a month, and film over 3 days the first week in October.Risks and challenges;The first obstacle is always at the level of the mind, but this I overcome each day when I wake up and commit to the vision Ive been given. The second obstacle is to get all of the artists in the same place at the same time, to which I work each week to overcome through communication and planning. The third obstacle is funding for the cameramen, equipment, flights, hotels, food, rehearsal space and editing that is required to make the film, and to overcome this, I need your help. I have an amazing team of dancers, experienced film people, and lovers of people and art who will see this through to completion. I have choreographed and completed countless projects, and see no reason why I would not also complete this. Upon completion, I will share it with the world through whatever means I discover, and make the world a little better through art.Budget:;2 Cameras: $1500-2000/day for 3 days;Camera operator: $700/day for 3 days;Camera Assistant: $500/day for 3 days;Lighting and Grip: $5,000 I will try to keep the lighting and grip crew small with a Gaffer, Key Grip and Swing grip ; electric.;Rehearsal/studio space: 11 euro an hour for 40 hours;Hard drives: 2 at $150-200/each;Editing: still shopping for offers;Cameraman: $2,500/day for 3 days;Flights for 4 people to Paris: $6000;Hotels for 4 people in Paris for 1 week: $2800You can also support us through airline miles, contacts in the film world in Paris, apartments in the city where I can house cast and crew, contacts to film festivals, etc. Please email me at;laurenbrim@gmail.com. Thank you!", "Exposition au sein de l&rsquo;Art Lounge du Sofitel Marrakech Lounge ; Spa des &oelig;uvres de l&rsquo;artiste &laquo; Morgane Lloret &raquo;. Mati&egrave;res, Patines, Couleurs d&rsquo;automne, Croquis&hellip; . La terre et le ciel se m&eacute;langent&hellip;, le vertige des images en jouant sur les perspectives, tant&ocirc;t avec douceur tant&ocirc;t avec force. Automne Hiver, une nouvelle facette de son esprit quelle nous offre. Laissez-vous \"renverser\" par sa vision du monde...;;Vernissage le lundi 16 septembre 2013 &agrave; 18h30;Biographie de lartiste:N&eacute;e en France &agrave; Ambilly, d&eacute;s son enfance elle est plong&eacute;e par sa m&egrave;re dans l&rsquo;univers du &laquo;beau&raquo;, de l&rsquo;esth&eacute;tique, de la cr&eacute;ation d&rsquo;espaces et de leurs fonctions, autrement dit: l&rsquo;architecture d&rsquo;int&eacute;rieur et la d&eacute;coration.Elle grandit ainsi au milieu des tissus de luxe, des chantiers de maisons grandioses et des croquis.Apr&egrave;s des &eacute;tudes &agrave; la Haute Ecole d&rsquo;Arts et de Design HEAD de Gen&egrave;ve, elle rejoint sa m&egrave;re dans sa nouvelle entreprise d&rsquo;architecture et d&rsquo;&eacute;v&egrave;nementiel: made in Diva, forte du savoir fra&icirc;chement appris et de son exp&eacute;rience d&eacute;j&agrave; acquise au fil des ann&eacute;es avec sa maman.Jeune architecte, elle repr&eacute;sente la nouvelle g&eacute;n&eacute;ration par sa cr&eacute;ativit&eacute;, sa justesse et son originalit&eacute; atypique.Devant faire preuve d&rsquo;imagination et de talent pour donner vie aux r&ecirc;ves des gens. Elle commence &agrave; utiliser ses connaissances en informatique pour cr&eacute;er des images repr&eacute;sentant les projets accomplis ou pour immerger le client dans l&rsquo;ambiance de son futur espace.Sa technique? Superposition, m&eacute;lange, mariage et fusion d&rsquo;images lui permettent de concr&eacute;tiser tout ceci. Petit &agrave; petit les images sont devenues de plus en plus complexes et pr&eacute;cieuses, jusqu&rsquo;&agrave; atteindre une &eacute;chelle, o&ugrave; l&rsquo;image se suffit d&rsquo;elle m&ecirc;me et se s&eacute;pare de son essence premi&egrave;re pour acqu&eacute;rir la sienne, sa propre identit&eacute;, une &oelig;uvre d&rsquo;art...;", "Hi everyone we doing a BBQ in the park come one come all at the twinstown park in Umea. Socialise connect and have fun.Tickets sold inlude all you can eat and drink.", ";Fleetwood MacThe O2 arena, Friday, 27 September 2013 20:00Section:;112;,;Seat:;GREAT - SEATSNumber of Tickets:1Price:&pound;447.18;;Total Price:&pound;447.18", "", "", "ALL THE WAY TURNT UP...CRANKED TO THE MAX!!!\"BIG SHOTZ ENTERTAINMENT, MONEY MAY, NONCHALANT ; STATUS PRESENT:\"THE ONLY TURNT UP... SUPER JAM AFTER-PARTY \"18 TO ENTER :: 21 TO DRINK EXCLUSIVE 21+ VIP FLOORWITH PROPER COLLEGE OR STATE IDLIMITED DISCOUNT ADVANCED TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!!\"ALL THE WAY TURNT UP...CRANKED TO THE MAX!!!\"LIMITED DISCOUNT ADVANCED TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!!DONT WAIT FOR THE DOOR...MAXIMUM CAPACITY EVENTSPECIAL PERFORMANCES BY:ROSCOE DASH!!! \"ALL THE WAY TURNT UP\" ; \"SHOW OUT\"MONT BROWN ; DADDY-O \"SUPER, CRAZY, DUMB, STUPID\"::THE BEST MUSIC IN THE CITY::* THE DEFINITION DJ QLASSICK WWW.FACEBOOK.COM/DEEJAY QLASSICKCRANKED TO THE MAX !! @ CLUB 27 27 S. BANKS ST. PHILADELPHIA, PASUNDAY JUNE 13TH 201010PM-2AMFOR TICKETS OR MORE INFO CONTACT:NONCHALANT: 570-594-2612 FACEBOOK: NONCHALANT TRUSTYCHI MONEY: 610-931-5665 FACEBOOK: CHIMA SORIBESTATUSS: 610-721-1120 FACEBOOK: NIDIR STATUSS MUHAMMAD", "VIP FREE TICKET OFFER BUY 1 VIP GET 1 FREE...BUY TODAY!RESURRECTION TOUR 2011 LAYZIE BONE OF BONE THUGS -N- HARMONYMopreme Shakur40 GloccCA$HISHOPSINDEAD PREZBIG SLOANINTERSCOPE/SHADY/AFTERMATH/G-UNIT/RUTHLESS/MO THUGS RECORDING ARTIST TOURARTIST BIOSMopreme Shakur, is an American rapper. He is the elder stepbrother of slain rapper Tupac Shakur, and the son of convicted revolutionary Mutulu Shakur. Mopremes first appearance on wax was on Tony Toni Tones hit single \"Feels Good\" in the year 1990. His first collaboration with his stepbrother was on the single and video \"Papaz Song\", from the 1993 album Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z. He was an original member of both his Thug Life group, as well as a premier member of Outlawz. He can be seen being interviewed in the documentary Biggie ; Tupac. Mopreme has recently dropped the mix-tape \"Assassin ; Mopreme Shakur Present: Black ; Brown Pride\", as a prelude to his album which is now been released in early 2011. Mopreme was featured on the soundtrack for the feature film Intoxicating starring Kirk Harris, John Savage and Eric Roberts. Recently, Mopreme revealed that he had signed on as a consulting producer for the upcoming episode of BETs series, American Gangster. He is currently recording in Los Angeles.Layzie Bone is a hip-hop artist known primarily for being a member of the group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. He has also has gone by the names L-Burna and The #1 Assassin. He is the younger brother of fellow group member Flesh-N-Bone. He is also a member of the rap group Bone Brothers and CEO of the record label Mo Thugs Records. Layzie and the rest of the Bone Family boarded a Greyhound Bus to Los Angeles where they worked with notable producer and rapper Eazy-E and his Ruthless/Relativity Records label. At this point they became known as Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. Layzie has also promoted the indie label Mo Thugs Records which he is CEO and the rest of Bone originated. Mo Thugs new artists produced by Layzie bone is Big Sloan also on tour with the brothers promoting his new album release \"Vampire Blood.\" Layzie Bone has been the foundation for the groups 47 million records sold.CA$HIS is an American rapper who was born and raised in Chicago, and is signed to Eminems Shady Records. CA$HIS formed a group, The Renegadez, with H-Long and Monique also the mother of one of his eleven children and they sent a demo tape to Eminems Shady Records label hoping for a record deal. They received a major record label deal with Interscope Records as Eminem's Premier Shady Records Recording Artist. CA$HIS was first showcased in mainstream rap when he was featured on a mix-tape by Eminem which later turned into the album, Eminem Presents the Re-Up. His first solo release was the charting County Hound EP, on Interscope Records. The County Hound reached number 106 on The Billboard 200 and 37 on the Top R;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.Hopsin is an American rapper from Los Angeles, California. He is most notable for his self-directed music videos which have gained him popularity on video-sharing website YouTube. He was signed to former Bone Thugs N Harmony record label Ruthless Records in 2007 and has since founded his own record label Funk Volume. After making a guest appearance in the film Fame starring Kelsey Grammer, Hopsins notoriety gained him a starring role in the independent musical film entitled Bomb the World in which he plays a rapper by the name of Face. His debut album Gazing At The Moonlight was released October 26, 2009.40 Glocc is currently signed to Infamous Records and G-Unit Records. He recorded and released his first solo effort, \"The Jakal\", which featured such guests Kurupt, Spice 1 and several others; and production by Dr. Dre among several others. 40 Glocc joined the label, Infamous Records, under the G-Unit imprint. 40 Glocc is currently working with artists such as Dr. Dre, The Alchemist and Havoc. He is also currently working on an untitled album. Premiering his group with his group, the \"Zoo Babies\", whilst also trying to promote his label \"Zoo Life Ent.\". He has also been on tour with such acts as G-Unit, internationally. Dead Prez is a hip-hop duo from the United States, composed of stic.man and M-1, formed in 1996 in New York, New York. The duos debut album was 2000s Lets Get Free, with their most popular single to date \"Hip Hop\". The album was well-received by critics, and included intense political diatribes \"Animal in Man\" - a retelling of George Orwells Animal Farm. The instrumental version of their song \"Hip Hop\" was used as Dave Chappelles entrance music for his show on Comedy Central, and can be heard on every episode and in the popular video game SKATE. 2006, they and former 2Pac collaborators, the Outlawz, jointly released an album titled Cant Sell Dope Forever. In 2006, M1 also recorded a solo album titled \"Confidential\". From the album, the song \"Til We Get There\" was on the EA Sports video game NBA Live 2007. Dead Prez released a mix-tape with DJ Drama entitled Turn Off the Radio Vol. 4: Revolutionary But Gangsta Grillz. Recently the cable movie network Starz \"InBlack\" began airing an original documentary called Dead Prez. Jui da Boss is an experienced performer and songwriter Jui has successfully worked for artists such as: Pink, Kanye West, Scarface, E-40, Mac Dre, Lil Flip, Keek da Sneak, David Banner, Whispers, Pitbull, and many more!! The single, \"Everyday Love remix\" from M.O.N.E.Y and The Currency Clicks debut album Money is Everything,Jui featured asan artist and co-producer,the single entered #4 onBillboards Rap and R;B single Sales Chart March 2005 and inthe top 40 on the Hot 100 single saleschart. The single remained on the charts several weeks after in the top 20 withNO Major Record Label push!!! Also performing at well known venues such as Arco Arena NBA Stay In School \"Jam Session\", Club Pinkys L.A., Texas Beach Party, Florida A;M and Florida State venues, and theMusic Is Life Black College tour 06. With a new release which is free to download to fans entitled- \"Reels, Tapes, ; ADATs. It features exclusive unreleased tracks by with production from some of the hottest upcoming producers in the industry!!As a Billboard artist, producer,President/CEO of Pacific Connection, Juiis currently working along side Tupac Shakurs half brother,original member, andfounder of 2Pacs groupThug Lifes- Mopreme Shakur. Along with Shakur, also younger sibling of Thug Life member \"Big Stretch\" Maj,Esty, the three are responsible for the Rebirth of Thug Life into the new THUG MOB. Jui da Boss is also in the studio with TREEZ,Thug Mob andvarious artist from major labels such as, Universal, Interscope, Shady Records, G-Unit, Aftermath and more! Hosted by TREEZEnigmatic Record Producer TREEZ is a Texas born Grammy and Platinum Artist Executive Producer who came to Los Angeles when his Production Mentor Tim Miner was recruited by Quincy Jones into the Motown family of Artists. Experiencing Hollywood through the eyes of the major label recording studio Knightlight Studios, working in hospitality and engineering for major artists. A back stage child with entertainment background in Broadway, Opera, Ballet and the Symphony combined with being born into a philanthropic Julliard School of the Arts Family has given TREEZ three decades of relationships in nearly every part of the entertainment industry. Soon Universal Music Group began acquiring Motown's artists, catalog, and producers while at the same time building up their newest subsidiary Interscope Records. During this era the internet began to break into the world of hip hop and TREEZ began working with Interscope's new media creative department in shaping the internet presence of Eminem Shady Records and making music history with the first internet video blast of \"Purple Pills\" by D12. Soon afterward TREEZ began coordinating his second studio effort taking over Senior producer Jimmy Iovine's Goodnight Studios in Dallas, Texas where Iovine's and Stevie Nicks \"Wild at Heart\" recordings took place. Sessions at Goodnight Audio went on to include the engineering and recording of Dr. Dre's Chronic 2001 Track XXPLOSIVE with the D.O.C. and TREEZ production artists Six Two and Uptight. In 2003 TREEZ collaborated with the D.O.C and Snoop Dogg on the Silverback Records album DUECE.. Upon completion of the album TREEZ, and The D.O.C. embarked on a national tour with Snoop Dogg including the Super Bowl XXXVIII Concerts and Events. Creating hosting and managing the Snooperbowl Tour launched TREEZ into a new level in the music industry in that year of 2004. In 2004 TREEZ began producing artists and records through his many relationships in the industry landing him the President and CEO of Grammy Winning Record Label Big Deal Records 2004 Grammy Best Rock Performance. With his classical piano background, hip hop relationships and rock and roll roots TREEZ became a force in the Game. In 2009 TREEZ resigned from Big Deal records launching his own studios by restoring the historic Last Beat Studios Pink Floyd, Pantera, Drowning Pool, Stevie Ray Vaughn then selling the studios back to the new Universal Motown productions. In the last year he has been closing out his long awaited compilation album slated for release in 2011 which includes such artists as Kanye West, Akon, Snoop Dogg, Youngbloodz, Shady Records Artist CA$HIS, NEYO and Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. TREEZ presently records at Godsmack's private Recording Studios Serenity.", "THIS WILL BE THE HOTTEST KICK OFF PARTY IN VEGAS MEMORIAL WEEKENDTHE VILLA OPENS UP AT 9PMOPEN BAR IS FROM 9PM - 1AMSECURITY STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!ATTIRE: ANYTHING GOES!ANY PERSON THAT DOESNT COOPERATE WITH THE DRESS CODE POLICY WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLA DOORMANS DISCRETIONTHIS IS A 21+ EVENTANYONE UNDER 21 WILL NOT GAIN ENTRY INTO THE VILLAPLEASE BRING YOUR PHOTO ID AND PRINTED TICKETBROUGHT TO YOU BY VIP ACCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUPSitting atop the Fantasy Tower is a Vegas suite so extraordinary, its where Kanye West held court at MTVs 2007 Video Music Awards--and invited Common, Soulja Boy and T-Pain over to live the good life. The Hugh Hefner Villa features an outdoor, cantilevered Playboy Jacuzzir pool with glass end wall and a spectacular view of The Strip. This incredible villa showcases the best of everything including a large living room, full bar, media room, dining room, fully equipped gym with sauna and a spa-style treatment room. For some unexpected panache, enjoy the glass elevator, eight-foot, round rotating bed, an extra-large show tub, pop-up plasma televisions, poker table, an outdoor terrace with Las Vegas Strip views, and sunbathing areas with a bar. This premier penthouse suite will have you living large.", "Live training Accelerator Day\"The 'Career Management' day of The Corporate and Executive Coaching Programme is full of useful exercises for yourself and your clients. It also gives fantastic insight into a number of challenging theories and concepts. For me, it's a really interesting part of the diploma,\" says Kris Robertson, who is responsible for mentoring The Coaching Academy's student coaches.Coaching individuals around the issue of how best to manage their careers is an increasingly popular route to follow for qualified coaches. The skills developed on this course will serve you well - both in your own life and career, and in those of the clients you support. Could using the skills developed here to help your clients in something as important as their working lives be an enormously rewarding future path for you?First steps on the road of successful career management coaching can include a SWOT analysis and a career belief audit to establish the existing context. As the coaching relationship develops you will be assisting your client in developing career goals, thinking through career tactics and designing career paths.A key way-marker on the road to successful career management is to define the major sources of motivation for the client. We gain and maintain our motivation in numerous different ways, and our performance level can be intimately linked with the way in which our job role motivates us. All of these issues are examined in depth during this Accelerator Day.Your tutor will lead you in developing coaching strategies for increasing self-awareness and self-image in the work context - significant issues for many asking for careers coaching. Finally, you will examine the role of organisational values, and how a match between an individual's personal values and those of his employing organisation can be essential to his happiness within that role.Module - Career Management in the Corporate EnvironmentThe context of career management Career belief audit SWOT analysis Designing careers Setting career goals Career tactics Managing influential relationships Sources of motivation Maintaining motivation Managing performance Challenge and support Coaching strategies for increasing self image Coaching strategies to develop self-awareness Organisational value systems Personal values versus company values", "War and Peace Jang Aur Aman pt. 1 and pt. 2 + WorkshopFilmed over three tumultuous years in India, Pakistan, Japan and the USA - WAR ; PEACE is an epic documentary journey of peace activism in the face of global militarism and war. Triggered by macabre scenes of jubilation that greeted nuclear testing in the Indian sub-continent, WAR ; PEACE is dramatically framed by the murder of Mahatma Gandhi. Fifty years after his death memories of Gandhi seem like a mirage that never was, created by our thirst for peace and our very distance from it.\"The film itself is a tour de force, beautifully shot and often darkly funny and much more riveting than the dry subject matter might suggest.\" Duncan Campbell, The Guardian, UK\"War and Peace\" has a riveting intelligence all its own and earns its epic title. Elvis Mitchell, The New York Times * Grand Prize, Earth Vision Global Environment Festival, Tokyo, 2002* International Critics Award FIPRESCI, Sydney Film Festival, 2002* Best Film/Video, Mumbai International Film Festival, 2002* International Jury Prize, Mumbai International Film Festival, 2002* Gold Award, Indian Documentary Producers Association, 2002* Best Documentary, International Video Festival, Kerala, 2003* Best Documentary, Karachi International Film Festival, 2003* Silver Dhow, Zanzibar International Film Festival, 2003* Best Non-Fiction, National Film Awards, India, 2004", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "", "YAPPY HOLIDAYS!SANTA PAWS fido-friendly holiday lights boat cruise Join Kanines and Kocktails for our fido friendlyholiday lights cruise along the New River in Fort Lauderdale as we shout \"ALL ABOARD\" our festive fundraiser for you and your little Santa Paws to enjoy. Of course, it wouldnt be a Kanines and Kocktails event without our signature Costume Contest and this time we want you and your four legged family members to dress it up for the Holidays and as usual, costumes are not compulsory!! Our boat cruisers will enjoy a beautiful festival of lights along the riverside as we take you from Downtown Fort Lauderdale, through the Intracoastal, and returning back to our original embarkation point again. The cruise includes lite bites and complimentary drink for the human attendees, and a snack sack with unlimited water for our canine cruisers.You can also take part in our Holiday Raffle and win some last minute stocking stuffers. Directions to the boat will be emailed to you nearer the event.The event will benefit Best Friends Animal Sanctuary, a 501c3 organization.EARLY REGISTRATION IS ENCOURAGED AS SPACE IS LIMITED", "Gold Rush Seminars provides informational seminars on the current opportunities in the Gold Markets across the Globe. This informational seminar is interactive with a duration time of approximately 2 hours.", "Hello. I the chess player and I have decided to spend chess tournament. It will be not usual tournament, and tournament on money. The payment will make 190 $. That who will borrow the first place takes away 60 % from a total sum, that who borrows 2 places takes away 30 %, 3 places 10 %. I hope what to respond many wishing to try myself. I think that will be as much wishing to see at it, I wait for all. Will win strong", "The Strong Tower in Old Ham will seek your help in raising fund for the aquisation if our new loction.Any amount will go a long way in achieving our aim and aspiration. God bless as you do so.Please note:This is a one week event. God bless as you give.", "", "COME JOINS US FOR ORLANDOS 1ST ANNUAL HEATHY CHARITY BALL OF ORLANDO YOU WILL EXPERANC THE BESTCHEFS IN ORLAND AND TASTE THE BEST HEATHYEST FOOD IN ORLANDO HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE", "If you were one of the fortunate ones you know how off the chain \"New Sinsations\" was in Philly and if not by now youve heard about it. Well this time the \"Impresaria\", Charmin Brown, pays it forward her friend and partner in crime, Diamond Dutchess, takes the reins of;the next chapter in the continuing series of adult fun!Ladies and Gents, this event is themed \"Let Them Eat Cakes:The Sweet Seduction Party\". It will be featuring some of your favorite ladies who love to show the guests what the art of seduction is REALLY about: SLC, Venus Patron, BMores Girls Next Door, Perrriea Gushmore to name a few along with our special pastry invitees like Ms. Cakes, Babycakes, Buttercakes . . . you get the idea, to make the theme REAL! This Victorian flavored affair will be the perfect spot to break out your corsets, garters and masks if youve gotem!;Details of the ever growing line up will be posted as it updates. During this time we are offering something a little different with our EARLY BIRD SPECIAL FOR TICKETS:March 24th To April 24th Single Men AND Women only $15!!! Couples $30!;THIS IS NOT A SWINGERS EVENT! This is NOT a VIP EVENT!As of April 25 the tickets go back to regular price Single men and women $25, Couples are $40;There will be refreshments and drinks will be served.As an added bonus for a lucky few we will be presenting a new feature for this party... THE BBW LOUNGE which will be a pre-event affair from 8 to 9 pm. This is an opportunity to come and chill with some of the ladies that will be performing for the evening along with select adult press/bloggers. There is an additional cost of $20 for the Lounge and a limited number of spaces so act fast! A light fare will be served for that part of the event as well... For more info please contact the Diamond Dutchess @ 267-521-7569 or Charmin Brown for tickets @ 267-495-4984;Philadelphia, PennsylvaniaPhiladelphia, PAView Map;&middot;;Get Directions;", "Awards Dinner honoring the Honorable Michael A. Nutter, Mayor of Philadelphia and the Honorable Daniel Kutner, Consul General of Israel. Cocktail gala highlighting international cuisines followed by a seated dinner and awards presentation;Celebrating25 years of economic cooperation between Greater Philadelphia and Israel.", "Artleague.org of Daytona presents the \"Members showcase charity and donation event\"Its that time again the 2nd annual members showcase from the famous members of the artleague.org of Daytona Beach. This event will take place at our galleria located at 433 South Palmetto Ave. This event will be open to the public however a general admission of $40.00 will be the cover to get a first hand exclusive look at the designers of today.We will showcase only our artist and all exhibits will go on auction to the highest bidder with 64% of the donations going to the artist charity of his/her choice. If you are a member and would like to showcase you work fort auction the fee will be $400 and it includes leasable space, name in our program and 3 general admission passes to dispurse at your choice. The Event itself will take place on Monday, May 7, 2012 however online tickets will only be available until the end of the day today Sunday May 6, 2012.Refreshments will be served via Chef Win Cannon of the Hippodrome Coronary and promises just as an event in tast as it is in visual enjoyment for the evening.All Donations are appreciated.. This is an All age event however wine will be available in the Members section of this event. If you have any questions in regards please contact Ms. Tia Young via our website email tiayoung@artleague.com. Thanks again in advance for your support!!!!!", "Maurice + Crulic &ndash; the Path to BeyondVenue:;The Horse Hospital24 May 2012MauriceWorld Premiere Watch trailerPatrick Kack-Brice |;France;| 19 minsThe Beverley is the last cinema in Paris&mdash;maybe the world&mdash;still screening 35mm porn films. MAURICE captures the owner/projectionist clinging to a dying art as his entire world slips towards dodo-like extinction.;...read moreCrulicAnca Damian |;Romania;| 73 minsThis animated documentary tells the life story of;Crulic, a 33 years old Romanian who died in a Polish prison while on a hunger strike. The acclaimed Romanian actor, Vlad Ivanov, gives Crulic his voice.;...read more", "As with any marketable event, the Not Yet Famous brand is continually being grown to gain more exposure. Terrenzo Management has decided to expand the Not Yet Famous Concerts by holding six Not Yet Famous Concerts during the 2012 year. There will be three held in Atlanta, GA; two in Raleigh, NC; and one in Myrtle Beach, SC. In addition to our upscale red carpet event; we are seeking high end sponsors such as Ciroc to be a part of this independent music concert. Of course with any event, Terrenzo Management is highly anticipating the 2012 Not Yet Famous to have higher attendance than ever before.Our Management StyleUnlike most indie events, we require all of our performers to sell tickets in our to be a part of the Not Yet Famous Concert. By doing this, we guarantee ticket sales of no less than 400 due to the amount of performers on the hand bill.Terrenzo Management provides licensed security guards to handle ID checks, and overall security during the event.We also provide our own door persons, staffing, and stage management to ensure that the Not Yet Famous Concert is executed ideally like a concert versus a showcase or open mic. We hold everyone involved to a higher standard to maintain the quality our brand and event has come tobe known for.The Not Yet Famous event is always 18 ; up so that our performers can gain as many fans as possible. Of course this event is a event for the Terrenzo Management company but our ultimate goal is to provide musicians with the opportunity to gain additional fans and build their careers on additional platforms of professionalism.Tickets are $10 plus tax if paying online. $10 flat offline. Doors open at 7pm and show starts at 8pm.Friday, June 16th @ The Basement 1245 Glenwood Ave, SW Atlanta, GAFriday, June 29th @ T;T Uptown Lounge 3003 Colonial Drive, Columbia, SCSaturday, June 30th @ Bikini Beach Club 205 N Kings Hwy, Myrtle Beach, SC", "This is an afro-caribbean nite with two celebrity DJ, female Dj Meloday kane and Dj King Alfred supported by an afrobeat dj, Dj Yemster playing the best of hip-hop, dancehall, r n b, bashment, soca and afrobeats etc. Been the first of its kind in Glasgow, its meant to be a sell out show.", "BioJustin Bieber is the first artist ever to have seven songs from his debut album chart on the Billboard Top 100. He had both Usher and Justin Timberlake clamoring to sign him, and after signing with Usher&rsquo;s label, now counts the superstar as a close friend. He has performed for U.S President Obama and worked with Ludacris, Kanye West and Miley Cyrus amongst others. Oh, and he&rsquo;s only 18 years old. Right here at Eventful is where you can keep track of all the latest concerning the Justin Bieber tour 2012, as well as all future Justin Bieber tour dates and concerts.;Justin Biebers story is nothing short of amazing--especially when you consider that he really only started singing five years ago. In 2007, merely a couple of years before tickets for Justin Bieber tour dates became worth their weight in gold, the boy star entered a local talent content in his native Ontario, Canada. Competing against peers who, unlike himself, were vocally trained and preened for the stage, Justin Bieber beat the odds, showcasing a natural talent which was impressive enough to win him second place overall.;Wanting to share his success with friends and family, Justin Bieber posted videos from the competition on YouTube. Encouraged by the enthusiasm of those in his inner circles, he followed up with videos of him singing covers of well-known songs by the likes of Stevie Wonder, Ne-Yo and Usher. In 2008, he was officially signed to Island Records and just four years later, Justin Bieber tour dates are amongst the most anticipated events on the pop music calendar.;His fan base reaches to all four corners of the globe, and the demand for Justin Bieber tour dates is an international one. However, he has youth on his side, which might explain why in his &lsquo;spare time&rsquo;, when he isn&rsquo;t busy touring, the young heartthrob chooses not to take it easy. Rather, he likes to explore performance of another variety. In 2010, Justin Bieber guest-starred in the season premiere of \"CSI: Crime Scene Investigation\".;In an effort to share Justin&rsquo;s inspiring message with people the world over, My World Tour will be taking the young megastar everywhere from London to North Carolina. Make sure you don&rsquo;t miss out by making Eventful YOUR source for all the latest news and up-to-date information on tour dates through 2012 and beyond.", "Do you want to spend more time with your family?Are you looking for another source of income that could help you leave your JOB?Maybe you want to start a \"portable\" businessthat you can run from anywhere in the world in less than 20 minutes a daywith no employees, no office, and no boss to answer to...Or you have traded with losses instead of profits?Now is the time to learn the trick of the trade!With the expert!Simon Denglebert has been teaching forex with live analysis and live trading4hrs seminar onThe 4 \"Golden Rules\" That MostTraders Will NEVER LearnFree meal at break time plus DVD of Seminar teachings.Only for a tokenPS49.99Cardiff Marriott HotelMill Lane * Cardiff, WalesCF10 1EZ United Kingdom6th September 2012Request for map directions via email:seancon@ymail.com", "", "SHINE ENTERTAINMENT PRESENTS SHINE 4:GLOBAL CONNECTION! SHINE is going down in the mountains outside of Missoula, Montana, USA. Last year there were 11 stages, over a hundred artists and d.j.s was called the Best Outdoor Festival in Montana This year is going to be bigger and better with stages coming from all over the United States, Aerial Artists, Live Artists, Bands, D.J.s, and You!! The Art Explosion begins at Noon on Saturday and goes till Noon on Sunday. Bring: multiple costumes, camping gear, and your dancin shoes cause we are going to dance till dawn", "Dog Day Afterwork is a new monthly standup comedy show located in the LA Brewing Company. The name of the show is a reference to the history of the location -- it was once the first Bank of America in Los Angeles.October 3rd is the debut and it features comics Ali Wong Tonight Show, Comedy Central, Baron Vaughn USA, Conan, Jon Daly Adult Swim, Marianne Sierk Worlds Dumbest and more!Produced by Claudia Cogan, Scott Boxenbaum and Wilbur Dixon.", "If you are a beginner or an improver looking for DIY or building skills, electrical training, a new career or a second income, we are able to help you.We are offering 2 day Foundation Electrical course for students wishing to learn electrics who have little or no experience or tradesmen who have not previously undertaken this type of work. It is ideally suited to those people looking for DIY purposes, or those looking to progress on to the 2 day Electrical Inspection and Testing course. It covers practical skills from applying Ohms Law and calculating correct fuse ratings to installing and testing circuits.1st day task will coverWiring up a ring mainWiring up a radial circuit3 plate lighting circuit2 way switchingIntermediate switchingFused connection unitOutside LightSafe IsolationBasic Testing2nd day task will coverYou will achieve a basic understanding of:BondingEarthing systemsSafety techniquesStandard lighting circuits2 way switchingIntermediate switchingRing mainsRadial circuitsFused connection unitsExtractor fansZone requirements and special location installationsCalculating loading and cable sizingBasic testing proceduresThis course is attendance and completion only and does not involve any exams. Included is an assessment for suitability to progress on to any of our electrical qualification courses.one day course is 240 buying two tickets 480 will be for the two days bed and breakfast included*.*you will have to book at least three days in advance to get bed and breakfast inclusive.give us a call on 01916450441 andemail zonicity@toke.com43 Blackburn roadDagenhamRM10 8SS", "Beleivers full gospel convention presents the keys of the kingdom convention,2012,thenme: defeating the enemy called average\"thursday, october 25-empowerment speechand teachings ,6pm to 10pmspeakers; Dr elga james, evang don lennon, and manymore.for more information call believers foundation and ministries +12017312153", "StyleParties is hosting a spectacular firework display party at the Roof Gardens in Kensington. Anyone who has been to the Guy Fawkes party at Roof Gardens will know we host one of the most spectacular fireworks show and party at this amazing venue. Doors open a 7pm and dance the night away in the 600 capacity club or the outside marquee in the Tudor Garden or chill out in the beautiful Spanish Garden and watch the fireworks display at midnight. As always, our chefs will be serving the BBQ.Early arrivals from 7pm to 8pm will benefit from a complementary drinks reception.Pre party tickets at &pound;10 are only valid from ;7pm -10:00 pm entry. If arriving after 10:00 pm you must apply to standard guestlist at styleparties@hotmail.co.uk;Dresscode is Smart/Glam / Masks and costumes;;Style Parties host regular weekly events.;This week we have Halloween at Jalouse - Wednedsday 31st October; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Movember at Dstrkt - Thursday 01 November; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Masquerade Party at Kensington Roof Gardens- Friday 02 November; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; Saturday TBC you can ask us as we like to give a selection to suit your taste;For;Birthays / Vip Tables at any club/ Guestlist do drop us a text on 0788 9597773 with your queries/ date and size of party. We wil do our best to find you a great deal!;", "Course information:WordPress in a Day;is a one day hands-on training course designed for people who want to learn to build their own website in WordPress in just one day!What is WordPress? The basics of how websites work and how WordPress can help.Fundamental concepts &ndash; what are themes, plugins and widgets?Setting up a WordPress sitePublishing content to your website &ndash; how to add and amend content, adding links, images and more.Customising the look of your website &ndash; using themes and customising them to get the &lsquo;look&rsquo; you wantAdding new functions to your website by installing pluginsMaking your website ready for search engines &ndash; the importance of the title tag, using WordPress for SEO, tracking your results using Google AnalyticsIntegrating social media into your site &ndash; pulling in Facebook ; Twitter feeds, posting from WordPress to social mediaKeeping WordPress safe &ndash; upgrades, security, passwords and spam.", "Are you currently in GDI and going nowhere? Hop on our team and enjoy the success. This recruiting system", "Get ready to feel the beat with Fela!, one of the most powerful and original new shows to hit Georgia and the world. Based on the music and activism of Fela Anikulapo Kuti, it is truly an immersion into the percussive Afrobeat music he made popular and the social and political battles he helped to fight. Get your Fela! tickets today and get ready for a rhythmic ride!", "Worldwide:U.N.AIDS statistics as of 2009, based on the latest data from 182 countries, show that:Since the beginning of the epidemic, almost 60 million people have been infected with HIV and 25 million people have died of HIV-related causes.33.3 million people are living with HIV/AIDS of which 7.5 percent are children under15 years of age.Women account for just over half of all adults living with HIV/AIDS.There are over 7,000 new infections every day; 97 percent of these are in low and middle income countries, about 1,000 are in children under 15 years of age, and about 6,000 are in adults aged 15 or older of whom 51% are women and 41% young people ages 15 - 24.1.8 million people die from AIDS each year.HIV/AIDS is a \"disease of young people\" with 40 percent of the new infections each year occurring among people ages 15 to 24.Sub-Saharan Africa is the region most affected and is home to 68 percent of all people living with HIV worldwide and 91 percent of all new infections among children.In sub-Saharan Africa the epidemic has orphaned more than 14 million", "", "Youre obviously here becaues you know Kelly!Now Kelly has been to shy to organise a baby shower, and doesnt want to go throught the hassle.So we are going to throw a surprise one for her!;Bring Your Cameras to take a picture of her face when she walks through the door!And dont forget your gifts.SEE YOU THERE!!;*Money generated from the tickets will go towards paying for the accomodation, and as an extra gift to Kelly*", "The Chamber Strings of Melbourne proudly present \"SERENADE \". A pleasant Sunday afternoon of chamber works and music for string orchestra performed in historic Christ Church South Yarra. Hear Elgars glorious \"Serenade for Strings\", Sibelius \"Andante Festivo\", Dag Wirens ever-popular \"Serenade for String Orchestra\" and Percy Graingers much-loved settings of \"Molly on the Shore\" and \"Irish Tune From County Derry\". Tickets include a free champagne supper after the concert.", "The people of Darfur sudan are dying from a lack of basic items namely food,proper shelter and water. With thousands of charities out there help is just not reaching the most vulnerable. We will have a telethon and online streaming to all donors. With your help we an make great things happen. It takes time and ofcourse money but most of all it takes passion,love and commitment to make things work. I know that times are hard however if it is possbile to spare 10 dollars then make a small contribution to help. If you cant make a monetary contribution then please help us spread the word.;;In the evening we will have a boat ride . See our facebook page for more details. Limited spaces available.;Please to click share link and share this link with all your facebook friends and email contacts. Not many people know about the suffering taking plae now however with your commitment we an bring awareness and change to Darfur Sudan.", "They will happen at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club from 24 June to 7 July. They will consist of events for professional players in singles, doubles and mixed doubles play. Buy Wimbledon tickets through premierevents online or call us now 020 7283 5050. Visit http://www.ticketstowimbledon.com/", "Thal&egrave;s : French Security Corporation will rule this event about IT / Security / Emeregency.", "webinar 2", ";;;;;;;Happy Summer revient pour sa quatri&egrave;me &eacute;dition au centre de shopping Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart du 20 juillet au 31 ao&ucirc;t 2013. Au programme, une s&eacute;rie d&rsquo;animations et de loisirs gratuits pour les enfants, adultes, amateurs de sensations fortes, cin&eacute;philes, m&eacute;lomanes ou encore artistes en herbe.;Cette ann&eacute;e encore;le centre de shopping Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart;et son;Happy Summer;vous invite, du 20 juillet au 31 ao&ucirc;t 2013, &agrave; venir passer du bon temps pendant vos;vacances d&eacute;t&eacute;, et vous offre une multitude danimations gratuites pour toute la famille.Autant d&rsquo;activit&eacute;s divertissantes et vari&eacute;es r&eacute;unies autour de 6 th&eacute;matiques qui rythmeront le festival durant tout l&rsquo;&eacute;t&eacute; : Les Arts en f&ecirc;te, Vivons Sports, Musique ; danse en folie, Haut Vol, mon Carr&eacute; Nature et Fun Gliss. De quoi devenir le lieu incontournable pour partager des moments forts et fun, entre amis ou en famille, et en toute convivialit&eacute; !Le programme:Tous les lundis &agrave; partir de 14HDes;ateliers peinture, dessin et modelage de la terre;en pr&eacute;sence d&rsquo;artistes membres de l&rsquo;association Alliance des Arts de Nandy pour laisser s&rsquo;exprimer sa cr&eacute;ativit&eacute; !Tous les mardis &agrave; partir de 14HDes mardis destin&eacute;s &agrave; la d&eacute;couverte et au plein air pour desactivit&eacute;s familiales ludiques;et passionnantes. Il y en aura pour tous les go&ucirc;ts !Tous les mercredis &agrave; partir de 14HDes animations cr&eacute;atives pour occuper les enfants;pendant les vacances : du modelage, du dessin, du jonglage, des &eacute;chasses, boum party &hellip; les petits seront ravis !Tous les jeudis &agrave; partir de 14HSalsa, Rock, danses latines&hellip; des;cours de danse;pour se d&eacute;hancher cet &eacute;t&eacute;, &ccedil;a va swinguer !Tous les vendredis &agrave; partir de 14HLes &laquo;;Garden Party;&raquo;, le rendez-vous musical live hebdomadaire pour se d&eacute;tendre et siroter des cocktails sur les terrasses des restaurants du Shopping Parc.Et bien s&ucirc;r&hellip;;Le Poney Club;accueillera les enfants initi&eacute;s ou d&eacute;butants tous les mercredis et samedis apr&egrave;s-midi de 14H &agrave; 18H pour des moments de complicit&eacute; avec les poneys !Les moments forts du mois daout &agrave; ne pas manquer : les dates cl&eacute;s &agrave; retenir pour s&rsquo;amuser !Une initiation;Free Style Football;pour s&rsquo;essayer &agrave; l&rsquo;acrobatie et au jonglage avec un ballon de football le;vendredi 2 ao&ucirc;t de 18H &agrave; 20HMusique et danse en folie;les;5 et 9 ao&ucirc;t;avec Percussions le mardi 6 de 14h &agrave; 18h et Jukebox party et Quizz musical le vendredi 9 de 18h &agrave; 20hUne initiation au;jonglage;et aux;&eacute;chasses;destin&eacute;e aux &eacute;quilibristes en herbe;le mercredi 14 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HUn parcours sportif;encadr&eacute; par un coach professionnel avec des exercices musculaires et cardio;le jeudi 15 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18H;pour &ecirc;tre au top pour la rentr&eacute;e !Du trampo-&eacute;lastiques;pour des sensations de haute voltige;le samedi 24 ao&ucirc;t de 11H &agrave; 19HUne;rando-roller;pour partir &agrave; la d&eacute;couverte de carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart et du Shopping Parc;le mardi 27 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HDu waveboard, une planche, deux roues, tout ce qu&rsquo;il faut pour garder l&rsquo;&eacute;quilibre;le mercredi 28 ao&ucirc;t de 14H &agrave; 18HDu baseball et du baby-foot g&eacute;ant;pour un apr&egrave;s-midi plein de surprises sur le Shopping Parc;le samedi 31 ao&ucirc;t de 13H &agrave; 18HAlors rendez vous tout l&eacute;t&eacute; &agrave;;Carr&eacute;s&eacute;nart, il y en aura pour tous les go&ucirc;ts et pour tous les &acirc;ges !", "Didier Chenu;expose son univers onirique au Mus&eacute;e de la palmeraie &agrave; Marrakech.;Vernissage le 1er Juin 2013 &agrave; 19h00;A propos de lartiste, par Jacques Meunier: ;;Chenu a un onirisme &agrave; la Pr&eacute;vert ou sassocient la craie, les encres, lacrylique, et quelquefois des cartes postales, des billets de banque, des Jocondes de r&eacute;cup&eacute;ration, des bagues de cigares ou un lambeau de jute, une vision hypnagogique du monde!Le dictionnaire dit &agrave; hypnagogique: hallucination qui pr&eacute;c&egrave;de ou qui suit imm&eacute;diatement le sommeil...;Un jour, jai compar&eacute; Chenu &agrave; Robot, le fameux chien qui a d&eacute;couvert la grotte de Lascaux. Il y a chez lui du flair, de linstinct, de la chance, mais aussi un sentiment dinnocence n&eacute;olithique. Il r&eacute;invente la peinture en la faisant. Il marche sur les toits avec la gr&acirc;ce du somnambule et vient mettre un peut deuphorie sur les murs de nos maisons.;;Chenu a de lAfrique dans la t&ecirc;te. Cest s&ucirc;r, le cycliste qui traverse la toile ressemble, &agrave; sy m&eacute;prendre, &agrave; ces personnages endimanch&eacute;s qui parcourent les d&eacute;serts &agrave; dos de bicyclette avec un parapluie noir en guise dombrelle. Les soleils sont vol&eacute;s aux graffitis et aux dessins de trottoir. Les femmes sont souvent emprunt&eacute;es &agrave; des magazines illustr&eacute;s. Une approche plus fine, cependant, permet d&eacute;chapper &agrave; lanecdote: Chenu met en sc&egrave;ne des r&ecirc;ves &eacute;veill&eacute;s et cela r&eacute;sonne en nous comme un Koan. Riante devinette cosmique, De fait, les \"po&egrave;mes peints\" de Chenu ne sexpliquent pas ils sont, avec l&eacute;vidence des id&eacute;es simples qui ne pensent pas.", ";THE ENTERTAINMENT ON THE NIGHT WILL BE GIVING YOU THE BEST IN:/ DANCEHALL/ OLD /NEW BASHMENT / REGGAE;ADMISSION / DRESS CODELadies / Gents- &pound;5 before 10.30 pm;&pound;10 before 12:00 am;more after 12LAST ENTRY 1 AM SHARP!!! IM TELLING YOU FROM NOW!!!!!!THIS IS A 18 + EVENT;NO I.D NO ENTRY;SECURITY TIGHT BUT POLITE", "", "", "EMAIL US FOR MORE INFORMATION", "Bar club", "Friday February 11thBACEKEN ENT....presentsThis Night Will Be Specifically Dedicated To The Ladies!Friday February 11th @VENUS NITE CLUB1819 UTICA AVE ; AVE J** BOTTLE SPECIAL **ANY 2 BOTTLES ARE2 FOR $300BEFORE 1AMLADIES ARE ABSOLUTELY FREEBEFORE 1AMW/RSVPCjbacken80@hotmail.comFor Tickets, Rsvp, Bdays, Tables, ; CelebrationsADVANCED TICKETS $30DRESSCODE\"CHIC ; SEXY\"LADIES: HEELS IS A MUSTGENTLEMEN: NO HATS ; COLLARD SHIRTS IS REQUIRED\"VERY MATURE EVENT\"MusicBy:DJ MASTERMIND | JAY-B DA ENTERTAINER | DJ SPINLADEN", "Insurance Adjusters Inc employees converge opon Caesars Palace in las Vegas for yearly seminars that offer a broad range of property and casualty courses in personal and commercial lines. These courses are highly interactive and emphasize the relationship between insurance theory and insurance practice. This years week long training is free for employees as always but those wishing to bring family or freinds along can take advantage of our discounted hotel and airfare rates. Courses are held in from 7am to 11am daily so you have the entire afternoon and evening to explore the wonderful vegas landscape with your loved ones. All payments must be in by Monday May 23rd, 2011.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "The birthday will be speed at me. In this occasion I want to arrange the large party. I already have invited musical group and class DJ. I need to buy a lot of meal and alcohol. I have no so much money to buy so much. I hope for your help. I wait for any and I promise that will be very cheerful.", "Hello. I the chess player and I have decided to spend chess tournament. It will be not usual tournament, and tournament on money. The payment will make 190 $. That who will borrow the first place takes away 60 % from a total sum, that who borrows 2 places takes away 30 %, 3 places 10 %. I hope what to respond many wishing to try myself. I think that will be as much wishing to see at it, I wait for all. Will win strong", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call Blitz is scheduled for 1, 4, 7, and 9:30pm. All times are EASTERN. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "LOADS OF SHENANIGANS going on at the club tonight! Grab your Lucky Charms and join us for one hell of a Friday night holiday party! Save some green when you get your reduced tickets online and wear some green out tonight! Always a packed weekend at the club!!!! Come Shake those shamrocks tonight!!!!;Dinner from 9-11pm and don&rsquo;t forget BYOB!!", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "Both captivating and edifying, BODIES ... The Exhibition unveils the many complex systems of organs and tissues that drive every aspect of our daily lives and unite us all as humans. Featuring over 200 specimens consisting of whole-bodies and individual organs that have been meticulously dissected and preserved through an innovative process, BODIES ... The Exhibition will enlighten, empower, fascinate and inspire. Bodies... The Exhibition offers a fascinating look into the human body. Unlike biology and anatomy models and diagrams, at Bodies you get to peer at real 3-Dimensional human bodies that have been preserved for the NYC exhibition. It is a field trip destination like no other. Bodies NY allows people of all ages access to sights and knowledge normally reserved only for medical professionals. Take a look inside your human self, to better understand how your intricate and captivating body works, and how you can be more informed about your own health.", "Part of Irvine Barclay Theatres Contemporary Dance Series Exclusive Engagement From Washington Depot, Connecticut Robby Barnet ; Michael Tracy, artistic directors Pilobolus is a sun-loving fungus that grows in barnyards and pastures. It is also a remarkable American dance company with an international influence. Pilobolus' physical vocabulary is not drawn traditional sources but is invented during intense periods of improvisation and creative play. The company has created over 100 collaborative works becoming an influential force in the world of dance. It is one of the most popular and enduring companies in contemporary dance.", "THATS RIGHT NFL STAR WILLIS McGAHEE IS INVITING YOU OUT TO PARTY WITH HIM AND HIS\" NFL SUPER STAR\" FRIENDS! AS THEY WELCOME THE ROOKIES TO THE \"NFL\" ITS MOTHERS DAY WEEKEND! SO HE HAS A SURPRISE R;B STAR! GUEST! FOR THE MOTHERS! D/O 10PM @ PALM GARDENS!SPECIAL INVITED! GUEST: DEMARYIUS THOMAS DENVER BRONCO,VAUGHN MILLER, DARIUS BUTLER PATRIOTS, North Western high/ now @ Tampa Bay TIM BROWN! AND MORE TO BE ADDED!", "1111", "SHANGHAI, BEIJING, XIAN, GUILIN, YANGTZE RIVER CRUISE ; HONG KONGSave up to $800;per couple!!!For a limited time only save;up to $800 per couple on this;remarkable journey to China.Reserve by September 10, 2012;to qualify for the early booking discount.Space is limited so please reserve early.YOUR ITINERARYDAY 1:;Depart USA. Your comprehensive journey to China and Hong Kong begins this evening as you check-in for your flight bound for Shanghai. Your flight departs late tonight.DAY 2:;En route. Cross the International Date Line and lose one day en route.DAY 3:;Arrive Shanghai. Morning arrival in Shanghai, often described as &ldquo;Paris of the East&rdquo;. An intriguing, dynamic city, today&rsquo;s Shanghai weaves the seaport legacy of its past with impressive new 21st century architecture. Upon arrival, you&rsquo;ll be escorted to your luxury hotel. This afternoon embark on a guided orientation drive followed by a stroll down the Bund, the bustling and exciting waterfront along the Huangpu River. Later, join your fellow travelers for a welcome dinner at your hotel.;Crowne Plaza Fudan Hotel;DDAY 4: Start your day with a guided walk amidst the scenic ponds, colorful pavilions and walkways of the 16th century Yu Yuan Garden, a delightful reminder of old Shanghai. You&rsquo;ll also visit the acclaimed Shanghai Museum displaying exquisite ancient Chinese art and artifacts. The balance of the day is at leisure to explore at your own pace. This evening you may join an optional $40 dinner followed by a mesmerizing acrobatic show.DAY 5:;Shanghai/Beijing. Enjoy a leisurely breakfast before boarding a short flight to Beijing, China&rsquo;s lively capital and host to the 2008 Summer Olympics. On arrival, enjoy a panoramic tour of downtown Beijing and tour the vast Tiananmen Square, the largest public square in the world, surrounded by impressive buildings and monuments. It is also an excellent spot for people watching! Later, arrive at your deluxe, conveniently located hotel. This evening, delight in an included special banquet featuring the famous \"Peking Duck\". Following dinner youll attend the \"Legend of Kung Fu\" show, a special stage performance that blends music and martial arts and highlights the history and development of the fascinating Chinese martial arts, known as Kung Fu.;Capital HotelDAY 6: On today&rsquo;s exhilarating excursion venture outside the city to the legendary Great Wall, which extends nearly 4,000 miles. Time to view and mount the well-preserved ramparts of this ancient wonder before proceeding to the Summer Palace, a former royal retreat of the Empress Dowager and now a lovely park. Here, enjoy a scenic boat ride on peaceful Kunming Lake.DAY 7: A day at leisure to explore as you wish. You may join an optional excursion $60, lunch included to Beijings ancient back alleys Hutong by rickshaw and witness the way the Chinese have lived for centuries. Youll also visit the home of a local family and have lunch with them. Continue to the splendid Temple of Heaven, a masterpiece of Ming Dynasty architecture.DAY 8:;Beijing/Xian: Start your day with a guided tour of the Forbidden City, the former seat of the emperors throughout the Ming and Qing dynasties. It&rsquo;s a true architectural masterpiece and home to the National Palace Museum. Youll also delight in a visit to the Beijing Zoo where youll see the adorable Giant Pandas. Later, fly to Xian, ancient capital of China for eleven dynasties and historic gateway to the old silk trading route.;Golden Flower Shangri-La HotelDAY 9: On a guided excursion visit one of the world&rsquo;s most amazing archaeological discoveries: a life-size Terra Cotta Army of soldiers and horses guarding the tomb of Emperor Qin Shi. It was unearthed in 1974 after being buried with the firstQin emperor for 22 centuries! Later, visit the intriguing Shanxi Museum and view the precious art treasures from the ancient Han and Tang Dynasties. This evening savor a delicious dumpling dinner, a local specialty, and delight in a Tang Dynasty spectacular folklore show.DAY 10:;Xian/Wuhan/Yichang. Today board a short flight to Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province and one of the largest cities in central China. It lies at the intersection of the Yangtze and Han rivers. On arrival, journey by road to Yichang, the gateway to the Yangtze River Gorges where you embark your luxurious River Cruiser. Set sail late tonight.;Victoria Cruises Premier ShipDAY 11: Spend the day cruising along one of the world&rsquo;s finest stretches of river scenery. First, dock at Sandouping village and visit the ongoing Yangtze Dam project, the world&rsquo;s largest hydroelectric power project. You&rsquo;ll enjoy a lecture on the progress of the project, view a model of the completed dam and savor the scenic views. Return to your ship and sail through the Three Gorges ship-locks towards the Xiling Gorge, a long, twisting passage through rushing rapids, weathered peaks, landmark caves and temples. Tonight, you&rsquo;ll be the Captain&rsquo;s guest at a cocktail reception.DAY 12: An unforgettable day begins as you continue sailing through the Three Gorges. Proceed through the misty Wu Gorge, its twelve peaks soaring above. Dock in Wushan and board a smaller boat for a thrilling side trip up the Daning River to see the &ldquo;Small Gorges,&rdquo; presenting some of China&rsquo;s most spectacular scenery. Towering cliffs soar over the narrow river and unique wildlife abound. Your spectacular voyage unfolds as you pass through the last of the &ldquo;Three Gorges&rdquo;, Qutang. This breathtaking narrow passage is the grandest of them all.DAY 13: Today, continue your cruise along the Yangtze River. Dock in the \"Ghost Town\" of Fengdu, a graceful town lying at the foothill of the mountains and right by the river. There are 75 Buddha and Tao Temples in the town, most of which are located on a famous hill named Ming Mountain. A shore excursion is included. Tonight, enjoy a farewell banquet and cultural show on board.DAY 14:;Arrive Chongqing/Guilin. Disembark in the mountain city of Chongqing, a modern river port with ancient history spanning 3000 years. Later, fly southward to Guilin, home to the magnificent karst limestone formations, mist-covered hills and bamboo groves made famous through centuries of Chinese art. This afternoon, visit the famous Reed Flute Cave.Royal Garden HotelDAY 15:;Li River Cruise. Towering limestone pinnacles and misty waters form the backdrop of today&rsquo;s leisurely cruise on the fabled Li River. Enjoy the breathtaking scenery before arriving at the bustling market town of Yangshou where you have some free time to explore and shop. This evening savor a special dinner.DAY 16:;Guilin/Hong Kong. Fly to Guangzhou, a prosperous city in southern China. Here, board a high-speed catamaran for a short ride through the Pearl River Delta to the scenic harbor of Hong Kong. Transfer to your hotel in the heart of bustling Kowloon, near the majestic harbor promenade. This afternoon savor first glimpses of thriving Hong Kong as you join your tour director for an orientation walk.;Regal Kowloon HotelDAY 17: A morning tour of Hong Kong Island features a drive to the top of Victoria Peak for a spectacular city and harbor view. Then visit the renowned Stanley Market where bargains await, the scenic Repulse Bay and the Aberdeen floating fishing village. Afternoon at leisure to explore at your own pace, visit one of the fascinating museums or &ldquo;shop until you drop&rdquo;.DAY 18:;Hong Kong/USA. Following a leisurely breakfast, transfer to the airport for your return flight to the USA. Your memorable journey comes to an end as you arrive back in the U.S. later today.", "Hip Hop!; This class is great;for the beginner or anyone interested in Hip Hop. Join us! You dont want to miss this class.;Space is limited. Register Today!;;NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.;;PLEASE PRINT;YOUR EMAILED TICKETS and bring with you to class for admission.;;NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and release\".", "Truoc t&igrave;nh trang khan hiem v&eacute; v&agrave; su mong doi duoc thuong thuc liveshow \"Cho mot t&igrave;nh y&ecirc;u\" cua fan, giong ca \"Hoa mi t&oacute;c n&acirc;u\" quyet dinh dien th&ecirc;m mot d&ecirc;m nhac.&gt;&gt;My T&acirc;m nh&iacute; nhanh trong Ng&agrave;y vang anh &gt;&gt;My T&acirc;m moi Hieu Hien h&aacute;t liveshowChi v&agrave;i gio sau khi ph&ograve;ng v&eacute; ch&iacute;nh thuc mo cua, v&eacute; cua d&ecirc;m dien 8/9 tai Nh&agrave; h&aacute;t th&agrave;nh pho TP.HCM d&atilde; het. V&agrave; d&ecirc;m dien tai Cung Huu nghi H&agrave; Noi cung \"c&aacute;n d&iacute;ch\" sau d&oacute;.So dien thoai duong d&acirc;y n&oacute;ng cua &ecirc;-kip san xuat li&ecirc;n tuc tac nghen boi nhung cuoc goi mua v&eacute;. Nhieu kh&aacute;n gia d&atilde; n&agrave;i ni nguoi truc tong d&agrave;i rang: \"Anh c&oacute; biet ai muon nhuong v&eacute; b&aacute;o gi&uacute;p em\". Trong d&oacute;, nhieu fan cuong san s&agrave;ng tra gi&aacute; cao de c&oacute; mot cap v&eacute; xem liveshow Cho mot t&igrave;nh y&ecirc;u cua than tuong.Truoc nhieu loi y&ecirc;u cau My T&acirc;m n&ecirc;n to chuc th&ecirc;m mot d&ecirc;m dien de \"ca nh&agrave; c&ugrave;ng vui\". Hoa mi t&oacute;c n&acirc;u x&uacute;c dong v&igrave; su y&ecirc;u men, nhiet t&igrave;nh cua kh&aacute;n gia, d&atilde; ngoi lai b&agrave;n bac ky luong c&ugrave;ng &ecirc;-kip san xuat. Sau d&oacute;, c&ocirc; d&atilde; quyet dinh dien th&ecirc;m mot d&ecirc;m tai H&agrave; Noi v&agrave;o ng&agrave;y 18/9.Chuong tr&igrave;nh liveshow duoc My T&acirc;m hua hen dem den nhieu bat ngo voi nhieu dieu dau ti&ecirc;n tr&ecirc;n s&acirc;n khau. Hien, giong ca Giot suong dang khien nguoi h&acirc;m mo \"ph&aacute;t sot\" voi MV Ng&agrave;y vang anh. D&acirc;y l&agrave; s&aacute;ng t&aacute;c cua nhac si Ho&agrave;ng Nh&atilde;, duoc ph&aacute;t h&agrave;nh online truoc l&uacute;c My T&acirc;m ch&iacute;nh thuc xuat xuong album c&ugrave;ng t&ecirc;n.C&ocirc; ca si goc D&agrave; Nang tiet lo: \"Ng&agrave;y vang anh le ra d&atilde; c&oacute; mat trong phim Cho mot t&igrave;nh y&ecirc;u. Nhung mot so truc trac d&atilde; khien ca kh&uacute;c chua duoc xuat hien. V&igrave; the, khi xem phim, nhieu fan d&atilde; nhan nham ca kh&uacute;c voi b&agrave;i D&ecirc;m d&agrave;i\".Voi nhung giai dieu nhe nh&agrave;ng, s&acirc;u lang, von l&agrave; so truong cua My T&acirc;m, Ng&agrave;y vang anh nhanh ch&oacute;ng thu h&uacute;t nguoi xem boi c&aacute;c canh quay dep mat. C&acirc;u chuyen xuy&ecirc;n suot MV th&uacute; vi voi c&aacute;c cung bac cam x&uacute;c cua hai nh&acirc;n vat ch&iacute;nh. Sau nhung khoanh khac ngot ng&agrave;o, l&atilde;ng man, t&igrave;nh y&ecirc;u d&atilde; xuat hien nhung m&acirc;u thuan, hieu lam. Ch&agrave;ng trai quyet dinh ra di, de lai nguoi ban g&aacute;i voi nhung day dut, buon dau.MV vua xuat hien tr&ecirc;n Zing MP3 chieu ng&agrave;y 30/8 nhung den dau gio chieu ng&agrave;y 31/8 d&atilde; c&oacute; gan 2.000 luot truy cap. D&acirc;y l&agrave; mot ky luc m&agrave; kh&ocirc;ng phai ca si n&agrave;o cung c&oacute; the l&agrave;m duoc.", "THE HOTTEST CONCERT AND BIRTHDAY BASH OF THE YEAR HANDS DOWN.. THIS WILL BE A GUARANTEED SELL OUT!!TRILL SAVAGE WEBBIE LIVE ON STAGESATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, 2012MOON NIGHTCLUB DAYTONA BEACH, FL176 N. BEACH ST. DAYTONA BEACH, FL 32114THIS WILL BE THE FIRST CONCERT OF THE SEMESTERDJ C-LO ON THE 1S AND 2S#NO CROWD CONTROL PROMOTIONS, SKIPLINE EVENTS, FLASHION HOUSE APPAREL AND WOLFPACKTICKETS ARE SELLING FAST TAKE ADVANTAGE OF PURCHASING YOUR TICKETS TODAY EXCUSIVELY THROUGH !!", ";Drinks are provided free of charge all through the night.;All requests played by DJ Neon to get the dance floor filled with all your favourite tunes;Will play contemporary music from the 60&rsquo;s, 70&rsquo;s 80s, 90s and current stuff!;Dress code to be smart but casual remember to be comfy;Please be aware this is a free end party ;For a token of &pound;50 annual membership we will keep you informed about all our parties;Or come along with your membership card if you have already registered;You wont regret the fee you have paid.;Come and meet that special one feel free.;We had over 250 people turn up at the last party so come join us on the 30th;;Q Hotel Chesford Grange; Kenilworth;Chesford Cottages; Kenilworth, Warwickshire CV8 2LD, United Kingdom;10pm until Really late;30th; August 2012;", "ON SALE!!! Save up to $800 per couple!!! For a limited time only save up to $800 per couple on this remarkable journey to Spain. Reserve by September 27, 2012 to qualify for the early booking discount. Space is limited so please reserve early.YOUR ITINERARYDAY 1: Depart USA. Your exciting journey to enchanting Spain begins as you depart on your overnight flight to Madrid.DAY 2: Arrive Madrid Spain. Morning arrival in Madrid, the grand capital of Spain and its cultural heart. You&rsquo;ll be greeted at the airport and escorted to your centrally located upscale hotel. Join your tour director for an orientation walk to familiarize yourself with the hotel&rsquo;s surroundings. The balance of the afternoon is at leisure. This evening your tour director hosts a welcome cocktail and orientation, followed by a welcome dinner. Catalonia Atocha HotelDAY 3: Madrid. The splendid city of Madrid became Spains capital in 1561 when Phillip II moved his court here from Toledo. Strategically located at the center of the Iberian Peninsula, Madrid quickly became Spains political, cultural and artistic center. On this mornings included guided tour marvel at Madrids brilliant architecture as you travel along the impressive Gran Via and view the Opera district, Plaza de Colon and the monumental 18th century Royal Palace, inspired by Frances Versailles. Youll also admire Puerto del Sol Plaza and Plaza de Espa&ntilde;a, Madrids main square, with its imposing monument to Cervantes. The tour concludes at the renowned Prado Museum, where you will be dazzled by treasures of Spanish masters such as El Greco, Vel&aacute;zquez, and Goya. The balance of the day is at leisure to soak up the splendors of Madrid at your own pace. Perhaps stroll through the delightful Retiro Park and savor the delicious cuisine of one of Madrids many excellent restaurants and tapas bars. DAY 4: Toledo/Cordoba. This morning depart Madrid and travel to Toledo, the capital of medieval Spain. Toledo enjoys a picturesque hilltop location overlooking the Castillian Plains and is surrounded on three sides by the Tagus River. It was the setting of many of the paintings of the 16th-century master El Greco. Enjoy a guided walk through Toledos atmospheric cobbled streets and view some of its major monuments. First, visit the Santo Tome Church where you&rsquo;ll admire El Greco&rsquo;s masterpiece, The Burial of the Count of Orgaz. You&rsquo;ll also visit Santa Maria la Blanca, originally known as the Iben Shushan Synagogue dating back to the 12th-century. It is widely considered the oldest synagogue structure in Europe still standing and a symbol of the harmonious coexistence of the three cultures that populated the Iberian Peninsula in the Middle Ages: Jewish, Christian and Muslim. This afternoon journey south to Andalusia via the region of La Mancha, legendary home of Don Quixote, with panoramic windmills views. Arrive in Cordoba, a former capital of Roman Spain and later Moorish Spain. Cordoba Center Hotel DAY 5: Cordoba/Seville. Cordoba is a true cultural gem and features some of Spain&rsquo;s most impressive monuments. It was also the birthplace of the philosopher Moshe Ben Maimon. On an included guided tour marvel at the amazing Mezquita Great Mosque built in the 10th century when Cordoba was in its glory as the capital of the Moorish Spain. The mosque was later converted to a cathedral but the fine original architectural details are stunning. You&rsquo;ll also view the reconstructed Roman Bridge as well as the beautifully restored 14th-century synagogue that survived the expulsion of Spain&rsquo;s Jews. Later proceed to Seville, the splendid and romantic Moorish capital of Spain&rsquo;s Andalusia Region. After an included dinner we suggest an optional Flamenco performance $55, the vibrant dance that originated in Seville. Melia Lebreros HotelDAY 6: Seville. Seville&rsquo;s long and rich history is evident in the wealth of its spectacular monuments. Discover the charms of the city that inspired Carmen and Don Giovanni on an included guided tour. View the Moorish architecture of the Giralda Tower overlooking the Guadalquivir River and visit the impressive Cathedral, the largest Gothic Cathedral in the world, housing the tomb of Christopher Columbus. Explore the narrow streets and many plazas of the well preserved Barrio Santa Cruz, the old Jewish Quarter, filled with whitewashed buildings, quaint shops and colorful flowers. Later, drive to the Plaza de Espa&ntilde;a, passing the elegant Maria Luisa Park. Enjoy the balance of the day at leisure. Stroll the lovely boulevards lined with palm trees and fragrant orange trees or relax at an outdoor cafe.DAY 7: Seville/Granada. This morning travel to Granada, a former stronghold of Moorish Spain. The Moors chose Granada as the site for their impressive citadel: the Alhambra. Even from a distance, the Alhambra is an awe-inspiring sight, sprawling over a hilltop overlooking the city. Visit the splendid Alhambra Palace and its famous Lion Courtyard on a guided afternoon tour and savor the breathtaking views of the city below and the snow-capped Sierra Nevada Mountains in the distance. You&rsquo;ll also visit the palace&rsquo;s acclaimed gardens, the Generalife, beautifully designed with courtyards, waterfalls and secret smaller gardens. Granada Center Hotel DAY 8: Granada/Valencia. Today journey through Spain&rsquo;s captivating landscape of rolling hills dotted with groves of olives, almonds, lemons and oranges en route to the Mediterranean coast arriving at the garden city of Valencia. On an included guided afternoon tour discover the treasure trove of Roman and Arabic architecture that is evident in Valencia. View the City Gates, City Hall and the Gothic cathedral as well as other highlights of the incredible Arts and Science City designed by contemporary artist Santiago Calatrava. Vincci Lys Hotel DAY 9: Valencia/Barcelona. Depart Valencia traveling along the coastline of Catalonia or Catalunya. En route visit the fascinating Monastery of Santa Maria de Poblet, a Cistercian Monastery established in 1150. Located in a scenic spot at the feet of the Prades Mountains the monastery was founded by Cistercian monks from France on lands conquered from the Moors. Plobet was the first of three sister monasteries, known as the Cistercian triangle, that helped consolidate power in Catalonia in the 12th century. Later, continue your journey and arrive in Barcelona, one of Europe&rsquo;s most beautiful and exciting cities. Settle into your centrally located hotel. Barcelona Center Hotel DAY 10: Barcelona. The capital of the Region of Catalonia, Barcelona offers a unique mix of medieval charm and avant-garde grandeur evident its abundant historical and cultural gems. This morning a local expert leads you on a tour to explore this amazing city. Start at the old Harbor and then drive along the grand La Rambla Boulevard and view the impressive plazas including spectacular Plaza de Espa&ntilde;a and Plaza Catalunya. Next you&rsquo;ll explore on foot the winding streets of the charming Gothic Quarter, Barcelona&rsquo;s old city. Proceed with a visit to the famed Sagrada Familia, a large, unfinished Catholic Basilica designed by the celebrated Catalan architect Antonio Gaudi. Your tour ends with a drive up Montjuic Hill where you can see some of the structures of the 1992 Olympic Games and admire the city and harbor views. The balance of the day is at leisure to explore independently. Perhaps visit one of the intriguing museums or relax at an outdoor caf&eacute;. Try one of Barcelona&rsquo;s inviting restaurants for dinner. Your tour director will be glad to provide recommendations. DAY 11: Barcelona/ Farewell Dinner. Enjoy a full day to explore vibrant Barcelona at your own pace. Perhaps return to the enchanting old Gothic Quarter and view up close some the lovely buildings, dating back to the first Roman settlement of Barcelona. Here you&rsquo;ll also find quaint shops, cafes, restaurants and strolling musicians that add to the magical atmosphere. You may also explore some of Gaudi&rsquo;s masterpieces, scattered around the city center. Stroll along the lively La Rambla and stop at the colorful Boqueria Market to savor its bountiful culinary delights. This evening join your fellow travelers for an included farewell dinner at a famous local restaurant. DAY 12: Barcelona/USA. This morning bid Spain &ldquo;Adios&rdquo; and transfer to the airport for your return flight. Your memorable journey ends as you arrive back in the U.S. later today. ;", "In Forex, if you gamble like in a casino, you will definitely loose. However, if you have the knowledge of trading and best training which Low Maintenance Trading Seminar will be offering, you can win, but only if you play well and don't outright \"gamble\", but observe the market all the time.", "In an intimate performance before their fall season, dancers from American Ballet Theatre star in a survey of Alexei Ratmansky&rsquo;s work.", "", "A 6HR TRAINING WORKSHOP WITH DEMO ACCOUNT;PLUS TRADING WITH THE EXPERTSHIGHLIGHTS ARE BELOW:How to become familiar with your first free demo accountHow to easily set up your computer for forex tradingRisk-free methods to make your money work for youHow to simplify and completely understand forex tradingThe world&rsquo;s simplest and safest way of making a living, trading forex onlineCrucial money-management strategies for maximum growth potentialAT END OFTRAINING WE WILL GIVE YOUR FEE BACK IF NOT SATISFIED!;", "Online football talk and fundraising", "", "Incluye:CamisetasTransporataci&oacute;nCurso Did&aacute;cticoCurso de Ost&aacute;culosDin&aacute;micas de Trabajo en EquipoAlmuerzo CompletoConfraternizaci&oacute;n y Cierre 1hr. refresco, jugos y aperitivos;;*El numero patronal de M.V.B Inc. es 660-67-5317#invoice - 439;Incluye cargo de $320.00 bolsita de Caf&eacute;.", "", "The global tobacco exhibition will strategically attract visitors from over 21 countries including Egypt,Iran, Greece, India, Turkey and of from the host nation United States. With ever increasing tobacco consumption in the United States, there is never a better time to participate at this dedicated premier World Tobacco event. This is a prime opportunity for suppliers to promote their latest products and services to develop this buoyant market.World Tobacco Expo is coming to the US in 2013. The International convention which serves the marketing needs of the international tobacco industry and its suppliers will show in Nevada, March 28-31, 2013. We are thrilled to announce a new partnership with Ultimate Tobacco Group for the 2013 venture. World Tobacco Fest USA is giving focused on the global development of new brands and the international tobacco community at large.Exhibitor informationAmerica World Tobacco Expo will help your company achieve its sales and marketing goals, allowing you the opportunity to:* Meet 10,000 potential new buyers and develop a quality database* Elevate your profile in the industry and add value to your brands* Showcase your complete product cataog direct to buyers* Launch a new products and stir successful interest* Establish and develop lasting and direct client relationships* Get immediate feedback on your product range* Locate new agents and distributors for your products* Launch with America World Tobacco Expo and benefit from an International media campaign in 2013Attendee informationAmerica World Tobacco Expo is your ideal opportunity to access a large and growing tobacco market at a new and exciting destination.The event will provide you with a forum to build relationships and network with industry personnel from all over the world, view the latest innovations and update your knowledge on the issues facing the industry.Featuring:* Market-leading Exhibition* International Conference* Exhibitor Business Presentations", "Divertissement Prime Time vous pr&eacute;sente ce mois de Janvier, le duo tant attendu de jouer en live sur sc&egrave;ne &agrave; Paris dans le cadre de leur tourn&eacute;e en europe. Prime time en conjonction avec la production de la rue vous apporte le duo de Gnius Lazy ; Joules Da Kid. sur sc&egrave;ne @ lAdagio City Aparthotel Paris le samedi 26, 2013.Venez profiter en direct de R ; B, confitures Afro. Highlife et Afro du meilleur des meilleurs Afrique de lOuest.DJ ; DJ Cee MOPOL sera dans la maison pour faire tourner pendant que vous balancer.La s&eacute;curit&eacute; est garantie tout au long de l&eacute;v&eacute;nement et boissons gratuites sont offertes aux 20 premiers clients.Code vestimentaire: Smart Casual sport et pas dusure.See u il ..........................", "Single Day Activity Such As ClimbingWhat's IncludedOne activity such as climbingIt doesn't have to climbing, you can choose from the full list of activities or even combine two activities in the same day!Met and greeted by Call of the Wild staffKit supplied for climbingDay spent climbingPacked LunchNo accommodation with this option.You can change these activities if they don't suit your requirements. For instance you can susbstitute quad biking with climbing, caving, paintballing or clay pigeon shooting to name but a few.Call of the Wild are one of the leading providers of Climbing in South Wales. We have a variety of spectacular climbing venues to suit your ability and to really test you. Really test yourself by climbing on cliffs with the waves crashing beneath you. Our most popular activities.FoodPacked lunch is included.TransportThere is no tranport included within the cost.We ensure you get to the appropriate venue in your own vehicles.", "where people get together and share ideas to make money", "Dont forget to bring your comfirmation to be drawn into the raffle draw inorder to win yourself an holiday to vegas.Thank You.", "", "Of all the great classics performed by ABT today, Swan Lake remains the quintessential ballet, the one that defines the standards of the Company, tests its dancers and ennobles the spirit of the audience. This romantic fable of ill-fated passion, dreamlike transformation and ultimate forgiveness is set to Tchaikovsky&rsquo;s glorious score. With breathtaking choreography and visually magnificent sets evoking a Renaissance court, the fabled lake of the swans rises into view, inspiring awe for generations to come.", "", "This course is for people who want to break into the gaming industry as writers and narrative designers. It is also beneficial for anyone who wants to know the professional formats used in game writing; and includes a dozen downloadable writing templates that are specific to the interactive game industry. The object of this course is to complete a game writing portfolio and find game writing jobs.Heres what people are saying:\"Complete, succinct and truly helpfulThe first steps of everything are usually deemed the hardest ones. This course breaks down what it means to be a game writer and how can anyone become one in a clear manner. What do you need to study, how do you accumulate experience, what a GW portfolio needs to encompass, where to start looking for work and so on.And for when you get that dream job, you&rsquo;re also given a full explanation of what is expected of you. Don&rsquo;t know what&rsquo;s a GDD or how to write a cutscene, a treatment or a quest? This course got you covered. Need examples of documents? It&rsquo;s all here, along with essential external references for anyone that wants to break into the game biz as a writer.That was even more worthwhile than I had expected to be. In a non-complicated way, the course manages to answer the most pervasive doubts any aspiring game writer has. Hands down one of the most complete and comprehensive guides anyone passionate about electronic games narrative will find, in my opinion.\"\"Awesome resources, awesome tips!! Must-have for newbies!!If you have any interest at all in writing for the game industry, you MUST do this course...This course gives you an honest perspective of writers in the game industry. At the same time, it breaks down the steps you need to take to get started.\"", "Erleben Sie den DSC Arminia Bielefeld live in der Sch&uuml;coArena. Sichern Sie sich hier Ihre Tickets!", "This is the perfect opportunity to learn how to act on your promptings and to change your life and the lives of those around you. The Treat&rsquo;em Right Weekend will help you learn how to achieve success and change the world .", ";;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;LInstitut Fran&ccedil;ais de Marrakech pr&eacute;sente une exposition de 9 oeuvres de;Suzanne Drouet Reveillaud, issues de la collection de Denise Masson.;Commissaire dexposition : Alain Messaoudi;Vernissage le vendredi 2 novembre 2012 &agrave; 18h30;;Cette exposition sera permanente au Riad Denise Masson", "SAP ABAP is the popular enterprise programming language developed by SAP and used by the biggest organisations in the world to run their business systems.In this SAP ABAP video training course, Peter Moxon introduces you to the fundamental skills needed to understand SAP ABAP programming and start creating your own ABAP programs.You will learn by watching the author actually perform the operation he is instructing on, as he explains step by step how to create and modify ABAP code. The training explains SAP ABAP from the ground up starting with the absolute basics to ensure you have a thorough grasp of the how best to program SAP enterprise systems. He slowly works you up through learning the key aspects of ABAP development introducing new concepts and language element included in SAP, and covers topics such building report interfaces and modularizing you programs with Includes, Forms and Function Modules.This training course not only gives you an a thorough insight into how the SAP programming language works but is delivered in such a way that everyone who takes the course will have absolutely no problem in understanding all the topics discussed.This course makes it so easy to learn SAP ABAP, you will be writing and testing out you own code in no time. So not to bog you down with theory this course focuses on learning through a hands-on approach and is packed full of practical step by step examples so that you are creating code from day one.Whether youre new to programming or just new to ABAP, this SAP ABAP course is your guide to rapid, real-world enterprise software development.Most SAP courses cost thousands of dollars and only allow you to scratch the surface of what it can do. While an SAP ABAP training curriculum can easy take over 50 days to complete studying full-time with SAP themselves nothing comes close to this video based course delivered by Peter Moxon who has been working with SAP ABAP and SAP BW for over 11 years.By the completion of this online training course, you will be fully versed, and capable of working with and creating your own ABAP programs in a commercial Environment.", "Welcome to LaLuna Disco | Super Night,", "Just a Must theatre company has been invited to perform at the prestigious International Theatre Festival in AlgeriaWe are fundraising to bring our latest production, the English language premiere of Nobel Prize winner Elfriede Jelinek&rsquo;s;Sports Play;to the prestigious International Theatre Festival in Bejaia, Algeria from 28 October to 6 November 2013, following successful UK tour last year, sold-out revival in London at Camden People&rsquo;s Theatre and international tour to Macedonia in July this year.Just a Must was founded by producer Berislav Juraic and director Vanda Butkovic to introduce theatre in translation to British and international audiences.", "Dan Budniks historic photographs covering the seminal marches of the Civil Rights movement, 1958-1965, brought to life in a new book.The photographs by US photojournalist;Dan Budnik, documenting three marches of the Civil Rights Movement, 1958-1965, present a unique body of work representing Dr. King&rsquo;s legacy of non-violence as a way of affecting political and social change. Budnik&rsquo;s Civil Rights work has rarely been seen. Now, on the 50th anniversary of;Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.&rsquo;s;&ldquo;I Have A Dream&rdquo; speech, Trolley Books is proud to announce the publication ofMarching To The Freedom Dream, in Spring 2014. We need your support, through pledges and pre-orders for the book to become a reality.;Recently Dan Budnik&rsquo;s photographs from the 28th August 1963, March on Washington were rediscovered by the editors of TIME Magazine. On this day, Dr. King delivered his &ldquo;I Have a Dream&rdquo; speech to a record crowd of 250,000 people who had assembled peacefully at the Lincoln Memorial from all cardinal points.;TIMEs commemorative website and &ldquo;I Have a Dream&rdquo; anniversary issue prominently feature Budnik&rsquo;s images.;Phil Bicker, senior photo editor at TIME and the creative lead on the TIME project was delighted to add:;\"Dan Budnik is amongst American photographys best kept secrets. His exceptional images from the Civil Rights era have been rarely seen since they were taken half a century ago. Recently his remarkable photographs from the March on Washington were extensively featured in TIMEs special commemorative website and special issue, along with his portrait of Martin Luther King Jr. adorning one of TIMEs most memorable covers.&rdquo;;Cover of special commemorative issue of TIME magazine, profile portrait of King moments after his greatest speech I Have A Dream by Dan Budnik", "", "Making; the dream of; others come through.", "With a Stroke of the Chaveta Con el Toque de la ChavetaDirector: Pamela Sporn, Cuba/USA, 2007, 29minWorld Premi&egrave;reIn the cigar factories of Cuba, a unique tradition persists: &#39;lalectura de tabaqueria&#39; . Every day, specially employed workers read outloud to the two or three-hundred tabaqueros as they sit rolling thecountry&#39;s famous cigars. From classic novels to national politics andlocal baseball results, for many years this daily tradition has been aneducation for the workers, or chavetas. But after years of listening,they are now knowledgeable and demanding, and the readers must be attheir very best if they are to keep their discerning audienceinterested.Director: Iris Ponkina, 2007, Greece/Lithuania, 28minWorld Premi&egrave;reHow Long Winter Lasts In Romania Kaip Ilgai Tesiasi Ziema RumunijojeA film-maker travels through Romania. Passing through cities andcountryside, they record poetic impressions of the people and landscapein a country caught somewhere between a Soviet past and a Europeanfuture.Tickets will be available on the door, but seats are limited and you are advised to book in advance.The Roxy Cinema are offering all festival-goers a half-price bottleof wine with any food order, for the week of the festival. See Roxywebsite for restaurant details.", "\"NUT N BUT NET\" 3 ON 3 BASKETBALLTOURNAMENT CONSIST OF 4 QUATERS, MEANING WE HOLD 4 TOURNAMENTS A YEAR 1ST QT IN MAY, 2ND QT IN JULY, 3RD QT IN SEPT, AND 4 QT IN DECEMBER.....WHERE OR MOTTO IS \"U GOT GAME! PROVE IT\"MISSION STATEMENT:Inits1st years, NUT N BUT NET 3 ON 3 TOURNAMENT will developed into much more than a basketball tournament. Activities have been added to enhance the event experience such as a youth and adult center courts, games and contests for every age, music playing throughout city Hall , merchandise tents, and more.VISION STATEMENTNUT N BUT NET will outgrow andbecome the largest 3-on-3 street basketball tournament and family festival of its kind in the world.Quaterly participation inNUT N BUT NET will exceedthousands of teams and players. With players coming in fromall states including Hawaii, Georgia, and Virginia, it will take overhundreds of courts to house thethousands ofgames. It is believed that it will bethe #1 largest 3-on-3 basketball tournament in the countryto come, in the near future. With unbelievable support andsponsorships from majorCorporations,Celebrities andProfessional Athletes the best have yet to come...... MALE AGES 18- 34 / CASH WINNER $1000.00 NIKE SHOES AND TROPHYMALE AGES35; UP/ CASH WINNER $250.00Nike Shoes and TrophyMALE AGES 17 ; UNDER/CASH WINNER $500.00 Nike Shoes and Trophy FEMALE AGES 18 ; UP/Cash winner $500.00Nike Shoes and TrophyFEMALE AGES 17 ; UNDER/Cash winner $250.00 Nike Shoes and Trophy", "&lt;a target=_blank title=ImageShack - Image And Video Hosting href=http://img810.imageshack.us/i/backnewmikeblack.jpg/&gt;&lt;img src=http://img810.imageshack.us/img810/631/backnewmikeblack.jpg border=0/&gt;&lt;/a&gt;Uploaded with &lt;a target=_blank href=http://imageshack.us&gt;ImageShack.us&lt;/a&gt;&lt;a target=_blank title=ImageShack - Image And Video Hosting href=http://img88.imageshack.us/i/frontnew2copymikeblack.jpg/&gt;&lt;img src=http://img88.imageshack.us/img88/2039/frontnew2copymikeblack.jpg border=0/&gt;&lt;/a&gt;Uploaded with &lt;a target=_blank href=http://imageshack.us&gt;ImageShack.us&lt;/a&gt;", "Fund raising for Zinab, a 3 months old baby diagnosed with Hemi-truncus.", "", "", "The 2011BET Awards will be the hottest event in Los Angeles, CA On Sunday June 26, 2011 8P/7C at The Shrine Auditorium. The awards show will be hosted By Kevin Hart. The awards are presented annually and broadcast live on BET.Please be advised that our availability changes daily, and we work on a strict first come, first served basis. If you have any questions, or would like to move forward with any of the above options, please feel welcome to contact me at your convenience.VIP ACCESS EVENTS would like to customize your 2011 BET awards stay at the W Hotel-Hollywood with the Marvelous Suite ; also access to 2 exclusive after parties hosted by DJ Drama June 25 ; Interscope Records June 26 with A-list celebrities ; more.Info on the W Hollywood - Marvelous SuiteTake a spacious odyssey in our glamorous one-bedroom Marvelous Suite, where youll be astronomically pampered by palatially perfect pleasures that are out of this world.The generously proportioned living room wont leave you wanting for more, when youve got a divine semi-circular couch to sink into behind a sheer curtain that dictates some privacy for you and the state-of-the-art entertainment system. Under the special effects of an over-arching glowing globe pendant, live the reel life with an LG 42\" flat screen TV with LG Electronics CD/DVD player, or tune in all night long with the Sonoro iPod docking station. Make it a matinee or do a double feature with our Oscar-worthy media library from Whatever/Wheneverr at your command, as you summon delectable delights from the magical Munchie Box. Cool your heels when you dip into sips from the full wet bar equipped with cocktails of every color. Or gaze out and check out the stars both solar and silver screen while lounging on the luxuriously large window seat. Why not write to everyone and let them know about your big Hollywood adventure? The glossy white lacquered desk, complete with High Speed Internet Access and cordless phone with voicemail, makes close encounters of the telecommunications kind supremely easy.In the bedroom, get some shut-eye on the European-style platform bed, make our signature W bed, crowned with a white tufted headboard and lavishly adorned with plush pillow-top mattress, 350-thread-count sheets and goose down comforter and pillows, your night in shining armor. Find your muse in the spa-inspired bathroom, luxuriously fitted with Duravit toilets, a polished white marble vanity and oversized lighted mirror. Set off by dark accent walls, chrome and a white Carrara marble floor, indulge with Blissr Spa sinkside six bath amenities in the oversized bathtub and make a splash before retiring in our comfy bathrobe. Its a wrap. 800 square feet.", "Test Shooting For Gucci 2011 Fall Collection!Submit 4 photos to tyrellbphotography@gmail.comby July 25.Include Subject Line \"Gucci 2011\" with your Name, Location, ; Contact #Entry Fee: $10Voting will take place on the facebook fan page \"Tyrell B. Photography\" July 26 ending August 8th2 Winners will be selected on August 13th2 Winners will receive a GUCCI handbag ; eyewear, $250 and a campaign ad on magazine website!!Good Luck!", "", "Dis Fri 19th, d Celeb Hangout,148 Holloway Rd, N7 8DD host BIG daddy \"Ks POLO PARTY. 10pm-4am. For info call 02087007075", "107.3 Jamz and Miami Nightclub presents The hottest New Years Eve Party 2012December 31st 2011 9pm - untilHosted by: Kenny \"the Mac\" Miles from 107.3 Jamz Quiet StormFor More Information or Purchase Tickets: 864.386.4360Advance Tickets ; Group Rates are Available!!!Tune into 107.3 Jamz or visit www.1073jamz.com for your chance to WIN SPECIAL VIP PRIZES...Complimentary Champagne Toast at MidnightA Chance to Grab Cash in the largest Money Drop!!!Miami Sports Bar ; Grill / Nightclub5 Webb RoadGreenville, SC 29607864.386.4360", "5hr OPEN bar from 9:30pm to 2:30am!Hors doeuvres all Night! no hangovers here! Complimentary champagne toast at midnight!DJ spinning hits all night looongDrink specials after 2am stay thirsty my friends!Tickets before December 24th are $100. After December 24th theyre $125 so get in ASAP!Lounge images via link belowhttp://www.trafficbarnyc.com/midtown_east/gallery.php", "Hi all. I have decided to lead game in a pocker. I invite all who wants to play. The minimal payment 200 $. The winner takes away all. I hope that I can collect enough players. the last game has passed cheerfully enough and I hope that everyone were glad, the winner is especial. I understand that it is possible to play through the Internet, but game in alive much better. So I wait for all of you this Saturday. Successful game.", "", "Help us celebrate 40 years of supporting youth soccer in Eastern Pennsylvania!Contact to Raymond Kwan, kwan_raymond@ymail.com", "2ND JESUS REVOLUTION LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE, SOUTH AFRICA 2012 IT IS GOING TO BE PRAYER RAIN AND APOSTOLIC FIRE GATHERING. JESUS IS STILL THE SAME YESTERDAY, TODAY AND FOREVER. In the year 2005 this vision was born in my heart by inspiration of our Lord Jesus Christ based on Ez. 37: 15-28, Acts 18:24-26. After a lot of Praying for this end time Church leadership and the Lord said to me, to unite &ldquo;The Church&rdquo; and &ldquo;The Leadership&rdquo; and mobilized the leaders of the churches for Revival move to nations at this end time. I have been ministering to the leadership of the church and training leaders for the work of the ministry. Over the period of time, I realized that most people in ministry and leadership have good intention, but majority lack wisdom, balance, networking, exposure and accuracy. Due to this realization and God inspires me to set up this platform for ministers and leaders to come together for: &middot;;;;;;;;; Fellowship&middot;;;;;;;;; ;Ministration&middot;;;;;;;;; ;Impactation&middot;;;;;;;;; ;Networking&middot;;;;;;;;; ;Supporting each after calling ; ministry;The Jesus Revolution leadership Conference is the platform for fulfilling the Fourfold vision and it is structured by AMIN Apostolic Ministerial International Network, South Africa which includes: ;* A reaching section * A revival prayer section for nations for mission * Question and answers sections. * An open house interaction ; Network section The Vision for the Conference The Vision is; a To be a platform where Ministers from all denominations in the world, all levels, all areas of the kingdom etc will come together and fellowship in unity. b To be a platform where ministers will be challenged and motivated to maximize their potential in life and ministry in other to fulfill their divine purposes and their calling in the kingdom of God. c To be a platform to impact into participants and ministers the necessary information, wisdom, skills, balance, accuracy, exposure and grace required to fulfill, their divine purpose and assignments. The vision is born, it is alive and if it is growing. We are one mission for Jesus and together we will reach and change our world for God. Topics: 1. How to build a lasting ministry; * Building a lasting ministry structure * Training leaders for the work of the ministry * Church administration structure and management. * Financial freedom for Pastors 2. Integrity in Ministry; * Ministry and money * Pastoral Ethics - The value of a good name * Spiritual covering in ministry * Leadership - Foundation, character, qualities * Leadership that succeeds 3. Challenging your potentials * Discover your purpose * Casting the vision * The power of knowing your purpose 4. Exploit in ministry * The power of networking * Protocol in ministry * The power of wisdom 5. Introduction of Apostolic Ministerial International Network in South Africa * Vision and mission * Purpose and aim * Benefits of membership * Membership fees * Mission fund A/c;The official opening of the conference will be on Tuesday 21st August at 5.30 pm, where all delegates from all parts of the world arrive in Kabokweni. We will welcome all and shall have prayers.SPEAKERSSome of the most renowned world preachers and teachers within South Africa, USA, Europe, and some other Africa Nations will be speaking at this conference. Names and pictures will be printed at later stage.ACCOMMODATION;There are numbers of guest houses and hotels in Nelspruit, White River and Kabokweni, which are few minutes&rsquo; walk or drive from the Conference Venue. Contact our office for more details on this Guest Houses and Hotels, or if you need assistance with our special accommodation plan, don&rsquo;t hesitate to call us.VISAS ;All our foreign delegates must have the conference invitations letter as to help them secure their visas with South Africa High Commission or Consulates in their Country.;T-SHIRTOur Conference T-shirt will be available in all sizes and each cost R120.00.;OFFERING;A special seed offering and seeds will be taken every day to help cushion this great conference and if you fell led by the Lord to donate any financial gift towards this conference call us now on +233242364747 / +27780224371 or email to us at aminheadquarters@gmail.com.Apostolic Ministerial International Network is an International Council of Churches and Five-fold Ministry and it represented for all ministers around the world and equipping the saint into perfection and maturity and bringing them together as one body in Christ Jesus. Men and women of God are finding the value in networking together to assist one another in fulfilling the purposes of God.;REGISTRATION AND PAYMENT OF FEESTo register for this conference fill the attached registration form and pay your fees of $120 by Bank transfer or Money transfer:For Bank Transfer use; A/C Name: Apostolic Ministerial International NetworkBank Name: ABSA BANK LTD, South AfricaBranch: Kabokweni, Mpumalanga Province.Branch Code: 6191, Bank Clearing Code: 632005.Account Number: 9269098786Or A/C Name: Rev. Joseph Mihaye Kwaku Account Number: 2111020901590 Bank Name: GT Bank Ghana Ltd. Achimota Branch, Accra. SWIFT CODE: GTBIGHAC Address: 25A Castle Road, Ambassadorial Area, Ridge, Accra, Ghana.For Money transfer Use Joseph Mihaye Kwaku.;;APOSTOLIC MINISTERIAL INTERNATIONAL NETWORK &ndash; SOUTH AFRICAP. O. BOX 1165, KABOKWENI, 1245MPUMALANGA, PROVINCE, SOUTH AFRICAPHONE: +27780224371 / +27767350389 OR INTERNATIONAL ROAMING +233242364747;&ldquo;AMIN&rdquo; TOGETHER WE CAN BE MORE EFFECTIVE THAN WORKING ALONE.;", "World Extreme Medicine Conference ; EXPO- Taking Medicine To The ExtremesDate:15-18 April 2012Venue:Royal Society of Medicine, Central LondonTopics:Expedition ; Wilderness | Pre-Hospital| Disaster ; ReliefSummary:As a major new International World Extreme Medicine conference and EXPO series the inaugural event at the Royal Society of Medicine, central London will be held over 20-21 March 2012.The conference will deliver 2 days of CME-accredited knowledge, insight and innovation in the field of remote medicine and sub-disciplines: expedition and wilderness medicine, pre-hospital medicine, and disaster and relief medicine. Delivering these messages will be speakers who are the global leaders in remote extreme medicine, ideally placed to provide expert knowledge transfer to delegates.Developed specifically with medical professionals in mind, the International 'World Extreme Medicine' conference and EXPO will also be of interest to other medical specialists nurses and paramedics and as well as for students all with discounted rates.We look forward to meeting you March,Mark Hannaford, Dr Sean Hudson and the Expedition; Wilderness Medicine Team", "", "This seminar is to teach the how to use the currect market to move your fleet of trucks from point A to point B with any delays.", "THE BALLETS HAVE BEEN CAST, TALLIED AND WE ARE SET TO GO.. HOWEVER DUE TO THE OVERWELMING RESPONSE YOU ARE GETTING THIS MESSAGE IN REGARDS TO ALL OF THE FAMILY AND FRIENDS RSVP.. ALL MEMBERS ARE ALLOWED ONE GUEST AT A GENERAL TABLE FOR THE LEGENDARY TIGER WOODS INVITATIONAL BANQUET AND AWARDS AT THE GREATEST COUNTRY CLUB IN THE PLANET..GENERAL ADMISSION IS STARTING AT $100 PER PERSON AND INCLUDES A FOUR COURSE MEAL AND ENTERED INTO OUR RAFFLE TO PLAY AT SATURDAYS MATCH GOOD LUCK.. THERE WILL ALSO BE A CIGAR BRUNCH SET FOR THE MEMBERS ONLY HOWEVER SPACES ARE LIMITED TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC STAERTING AT $250 PER PERSON.. ALL MEMBER DUES MUST BE PAID IN FULL BEFORE COMPLIMENTARY SEATING IS AVAILABLE, PLEASE CONTACT OUR MEMBER SERVICES FOR BALANCES AND PAYMENTS.LAST YEAR WE HAD OVER 80 PROFESSIONAL GOLFERS IN ATTENDENCE AND WE HAVE MOVED IT FROM THE PREVIOUS VIP CHAMBERS TO THE MERCEDES BENZ CONFERENCE HALL. THIS IS A CASUAL DRESSED EVENT AND VALET PARKING IS INCLUDED. THANKS IN ADVANCE FOR YOUR AWSOME SUPPORT WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING YOU SOON.. WE ARE ASKING THAT ALL VIP PURCHASES PLEASE RESPOND TO EMAIL POST YOUR PURCHASE TO DANNYCRAIG1964@YAHOO.COMALSO 40% OF ALL PROCEEDS WILL BE DONATED TO THE ARNOLD PALMER HOSPITAL OF ORLANDO, FL.**all media request must be approved by Nike and The Bay Hill Florida Golf Resort Llc.", "Just before World War II, Angelica and Richard meet and fall deeply in love. Years later, her granddaughter Angie discovers the letters Angelica received from Richard. Then, as Richard says, \"This war changes things,\" and a strange twist of fate unexpectedly ripples through the lives of the wartime couple and the generations after them. Presented by Rover Dramawerks. Cox Building Playhouse.", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "Please Chef Daniel Boulud invites you to join him on a culinary journey to Southern France to sip the region&rsquo;s diverse array of ros&eacute; wines, from the Northern Rhone to Provence and the Languedoc. For the festive tasting dinner, the chef is pairing our favorite summer wines with a four course Mediterranean family style menu filled with the robust flavors of Provence.;Ermitage du Pic St. Loup Ros&eacute; 2011Fontsainte Corbieres Gris de Gris 2011Commanderie de Peyrassol C&ocirc;te de Provence Ros&eacute; 2011Ch&acirc;teau Trinquevedel Tavel Cuv&eacute;e Traditional 2011;Wednesday, July 246:30 PM reception, 7 PM dinner;Tickets: $99 + 9% sales tax + 20% gratuity = $127.71four courses with winesTicket purchases are non-refundable but may be transferred.;;;For more information:Sommelier Christopher Lindemanndb Bistro Moderneat the J.W. Marriott Marquis Miami255 Biscayne Boulevard WayMiami, Fl ;33131305.421.8800christopher.lindemann@mdmusa.com", "hi it will be a great private party,you will enjoy:", "Reasons To Invest In Real EstateThe global economic recession of 2008 is often linked to the United States housing bubble and;subprime mortgages. In the aftermath of the recession, there was much negative sentiment over the real estate sector and few were inclined to consider investments into the sector, in a positive sense.;However, real estate investment is simply the purchase of a future income stream from property and quite undeserving of the tarnish to its reputation. Here are some of the key reasons to invest in real estate.Competitive Risk-Adjusted ReturnsBased on data from the National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries NCREIF, private market commercial real estate returned an average of 8.4% over the 10-year period from 2000 to 2010. This credible performance was achieved, together with low;volatility relative to equities and bonds, for highly competitive risk-adjusted returns.Critics would argue that the low volatility characteristic of real estate is the result of infrequent real estate transactions. This means that property values are often determined by third-party appraisals, which tend to lag the market. The infrequent transactions and appraisals result in a smoothing of returns, as reported property values underestimate market values in an upturn and overestimate market values in a downturn.While it&rsquo;s true that historic estimates of real estate volatility should be adjusted upward, real time markets are vulnerable to sudden unexpected shocks. A good example of this would be the &ldquo;Flash Crash&rdquo; of May 2010, when $1 trillion in stock market value was erased in just 15 minutes. In an environment where market volatility is an issue and the dynamics of algorithmic trading are murky, the more stable pricing of real estate is attractive.NCREIF U.S. National Property Index ReturnsSource: NCREIF,;www.ncreif.org/property-index-returns.aspx, 14 July 2011High Tangible Asset ValueUnlike stocks and, to some extent, bonds, an investment in real estate is backed by a high level of brick and mortar. This helps reduce the;principal-agent conflict, or the extent to which the interest of the investor is dependent on the integrity and competence of managers and debtors. Even;real estate investment trusts REITs, which are listed real estate securities, often have regulations that mandate a minimum percentage of profits be paid out as dividends.Attractive and Stable Income ReturnA key feature of real estate investment is the significant proportion of total return, accruing from rental income over the long term. Over a 30 year period from 1977 to 2007, close to 80% of total U.S. real estate return was derived from income flows. This helps reduce volatility as investments that rely more on income return, tend to be less volatile than those that rely more on capital value return.Real estate is also attractive when compared with more traditional sources of income return. The asset class typically trades at a yield premium to U.S. Treasuries and is especially attractive in an environment where Treasury rates are low.Portfolio DiversificationAnother benefit of investing in real estate is its diversification potential. Real estate has a low, and in some cases, negative,;correlation with other major asset classes. This means the addition of real estate to a portfolio of diversified assets can lower portfolio volatility and provide a higher return per unit of risk.Inflation HedgingThe inflation hedging capability of real estate, stems from the positive relationship between;GDP growth and demand for real estate. As economies expand, the demand for real estate drives rents higher and this, in turn, translates into higher capital values. Therefore, real estate tends to maintain the purchasing power of capital, by passing some of the inflationary pressure on to tenants and by incorporating some of the inflationary pressure, in the form of capital appreciation.The Drawback: IlliquidityThe main drawback of investing in real estate is;illiquidity, or the relative difficulty in converting an asset into cash and cash into an asset. Unlike a stock or bond transaction, which can be completed in seconds, a real estate transaction can take months to close. Even with the help of a broker, simply finding the right counterparty can be a few weeks of work.That said, advances in financial innovation have presented a solution to the issue of illiquidity, in the form of listed REITs and real estate companies. These provide indirect ownership of real estate assets and are structured as listed corporations. They offer better liquidity and market pricing, but come at the price of higher volatility and lower diversification benefits.The Bottom LineReal estate is a distinct asset class that is simple to understand and can enhance the risk and return profile of an investor&rsquo;s portfolio. On its own, real estate offers competitive risk-adjusted returns, with less principal-agent conflict and attractive income streams. It can also enhance a portfolio, by lowering volatility through diversification. Though illiquidity can be a concern for some investors, there are ways to gain exposure to real estate, such that illiquidity is reduced, if not brought on-par with that of traditional asset classes.", "3 Kickboxing Classes from TryKickboxingNow.com for just $15.00!", "The AEIRS will be holding a Clinical Instructors Workshop on Friday, August 29, 2012 at the . Please note that the AEIRS CI Workshop requires a separate registration form and a separate payment from that of the Ashford Society Conference.;The room rates will be same as for the Ashford Seminar and reservations must be made through CONNECTIONS at 0208 432 5673. For program information, registration fees, etc., contact: Kim MetcalfAEIRS Ashford CI Workshop Chair", "SEXY NITEOUT INSIDE ENCLAVE IS DONE ONEC IN A MONTH AND IS ALWAYS FUN.....One of Chicagos best nightclubs year after year, Enclave is a huge two floor club with an upscale loft feel. If you choose to purchase a bottle and table or just decide to dance it out on the huge dance floor, Enclave is the perfect setting for both occasions.", "This course is aimed at those who are responsible for routine daily/weekly inspections. The rpii exam for routine Inspections can also be taken on the same day extra charges apply . A RoSPA Certificate of Training will be given to all participants who complete the course. Those completing the course will be eligible to take the Register of Play Inspectors International exam for Routine Inspections, please contact the Play Safety office for more information.Approximate timings:Start: 9.30 am Coffee: 11.00 am Lunch: 12.30 pm End: 4.30 pmRefreshmentsTea/Coffee on arrivalLunchTea and coffee during afternoon breakTraining PackA training pack will need to be purchased at the cost of &pound;20 per person, this includes a training manual and a copy of our publication Routine Inspection of Childrens Playgrounds.Course syllabus:Child developmentThe Importance of PlayAccidents, their type, frequency and severityLegal, the appropriate Acts of Parliament and how they may affect the operator and directly the inspector.EN1176 Part 7 and other relevant sections of EN1176Documentation, reporting and importance of record keepingA logical and systematic approach to inspecting including risk assessmentInspection of approaches to playground including signs, traffic, road barriers etcInspection of the immediate playground surround , vegetation, fences, gates etc.Inspection of the active playground area within the fenced surround, seats, litter bins, vegetation, lighting, other furniture and non play itemsInspection of specific play equipment or play features including surfacing.Common faults on popular itemsPractical site inspection;", "Sutra Lounge is pleased to announce our 9th annualLadies Nights Eve bash!;Its time for another Revolution in the Soulution!;Sutra has the best rates for a hassle-free NYE for a sexy, private, champagne popping celebration! VIP tables and private rooms are also available. Enjoy a 5 hour premium open bar, midnight champagne toast, party favors and more!DJ ROB FLOW + DJ SCHOOL BOY!Spinning the best hip-hop, reggae, Latin, pop, 80s and rock.;* 5 HOUR OPEN BAR* Midnight Champagne Toast* Tarot Card Reader* Photos by MindlessLive it up in the Lower East Side this Ladies!!!-------------$95 - General Admission ; 5hr premium open bar, party favors ; midnight champagne toast ; passed hors doeuvres$145 per person - 1 VIP Table reserved, 1 bottle of champagne or vodka, forbidden fruit platter, elegant hors doeuvres ; party favors 5 guest per table.-------------", "Sutra Lounge is pleased to announce our 9th annual holidays Eve bash!Its time for another Revolution in the Soulution!Sutra has the best rates for a hassle-free NYE for a sexy, private, champagne popping celebration! VIP tables and private rooms are also available. Enjoy a 5 hour premium open bar, midnight champagne toast, party favors and more!DJ ROB FLOW + DJ SCHOOL BOY!Spinning the best hip-hop, reggae, Latin, pop, 80s and rock.* 5 HOUR OPEN BAR* Midnight Champagne Toast* Tarot Card Reader* Photos by MindlessLive it up in the Lower East Side this holidays Eve 2013!!!-------------$90 - General Admission ; 5hr premium open bar, party favors ; midnight champagne toast ; passed hors doeuvres$145 per person - 1 VIP Table reserved, 1 bottle of champagne or vodka, forbidden fruit platter, elegant hors doeuvres ; party favors 5 guest per table. - contact-------------", "Course overviewWho is it for?This course is aimed at account managers or sales people who manage relationships with high-spending or important clients. It focuses on building relationships with key stakeholders and decision-makers, managing difficult situations and becoming a trusted partner.What is it about?Every business has some clients who are particularly important, and successful management of these key relationships is vital. This course helps account managers and salespeople manage high-profile relationships effectively, no matter how demanding the requirements or competitive the market.It covers best practice techniques to engage with clients, with all the skills necessary to negotiate, report and provide high levels of service. With guidance from a client engagement expert, learners will discover how to become trusted partners to their clients, act as ambassadors for their organisation and provide world-class service.", "You already know what my house partIes are like. Another one is coming up soon. Order your drinks now and you get it at the door. You are allowed up to 3 Guests each depending on the drinks you buy. Your ticket is your drink. See you soon", "Online event Game Server opening;", "", "Event Description - D ; G La Elegante; Guild Luncheon and Fashion ShowJoin us at SWAKOP ART ; GALLARY HALL on Sunday, June 22. Clothing from D ; G LaElegante Boutique will be modeled, and the event will be emceed by Pat Williams of D ; G LaElegante Boutique and Jeff Brown. Reservations for individuals $50 per person or tables can be made by calling the Symphony office at +264-61-2509421.;", "OPEP Corporate meeting in Istanbul, hosted by GeziHotel Design Hotels membre.", "SUPPORTING SPONSOR...Craftsman of the Finest Italian Stemware, Drinkware, Glass Food Storage ; Glass Products;Since 1825;Exclusive Glassware Provider of Good BeerIts summer, its hot, its time to sip on some good beer and nosh on some good food, to cool off and celebrate the season. Thats where Good Beer comes in. Weve gathered from among the best craft breweries around and paired them alongside some of the citys finest fare for a tasty and memorable evening. Check out the lineup of superstar breweries, restaurants and food artisans who are pouring and serving this year. Stay tuned for more participants.BREWERIES, CIDER MAKERS and SPIRIT BRANDSAbita Brewing Company;&bull;;Allagash Brewing Company;&bull;;Alphabet City Brewing Company;&bull;;American Harvest Organic Spirit;&bull;;Blue Point Brewing Company;&bull;;Breezy Hill Orchard and Cider Mill;&bull;;Brooklyn Brewery;;&bull;;Cliffton Dry;&bull;;;Docs Draft Hard Ciders;&bull;;Dogfish Head;&bull;;Empire Brewing Company&bull;;Greenport Harbor Brewing;&bull;;Harvest Moon Cidery;at Critz Farm;&bull;;Heartland Brewery;&bull;;KelSo Beer Company;&bull;;La Brasserie Unibroue;&bull;;Lagunitas Brewing Company;&bull;;MOA Beer;&bull;;Naked Flock Hard Cider;&bull;;Oskar Blues;;&bull;;Peach Street Distillers,;Dulce Vida Tequila,;Middle West Spirits;&bull;;Radeberger Gruppe;&bull;;Sierra Nevada Brewing Company;&bull;;Sixpoint Brewery;&bull;;Smuttynose Brewing Company;&bull;;St Killian Importing Company;&bull;;Tuthilltown Spirits;;RESTAURANTS and FOOD and DRINK ARTISANSAlison Eighteen;&bull;;Allswell;&bull;;Almond;&bull;;BAMcaf&eacute;;&bull;;Belgian Beer Caf&eacute;;&bull;;Bell Book ; Candle;&bull;;Boulton and Watt;&bull;;Brooklyn Cured;&bull;;Bruce Cost Ginger Ale;&bull;;Dizzys Club Coca-Cola;&bull;;Edi and the Wolf;&bull;;First and South;&bull;;Fort Defiance;&bull;;Fort Reno;&bull;;Gramercy Tavern;&bull;;L ; W Oyster Co.;&bull;;Les Trois Petits Cochons&bull;;Lukes Lobster;&bull;;McClures Pickles;&bull;;Monument Lane;&bull;;Mountain Valley Spring Water;&bull;;Northern Spy Food Co.;&bull;;Q Drinks;&bull;;Ricks Picks;&bull;;SlantShack Jerky;&bull;;Swine;&bull;;The Vanderbilt;&bull;;Upright Brew House;&bull;The Saint Austere;&bull;;Whole Foods Market;;AND...;;Food and Water Watch;&bull;;Green Mountain Energy;&bull;;Snap Yourself!;&bull;;Verterra;PLUS...The Good Beer Seal***Please note, this event is age 21 and over***", "", "#IfYouKnowYouKnow;This is just a platform for use to sell our ticket, contact Tobi for more info.", "PHP 2013 is the premier event for PHP education and the best place to learn about the ever-growing ecosystem of PHP technologies and tools.; International industry experts, renowned thought leaders, and developers and IT managers from around the world will all converge;at ZendCon;to discuss PHP best practices and explore technological developments.; Join us in Santa Clara at the \"must attend\" event for the PHP Community!;&middot;; Alumni &ndash; available to previous ZendCon attendees. Early price: $100 discount on Conference Only registration - please use discount code ALUM13C. $150 discount on Conference/Tutorial registration &ndash; please use discount code ALUM13TC.;&middot;; Group Discount &ndash; Early price: $50 discount on Conference Only or Conference/Tutorial registration.; Please submit all registrations together and use discount code GRP13;&middot;;; Zend Certified Engineer ZCE &ndash; available to all Zend Certified Engineers subject to verification. Early price: $100 discount on Conference Only registration - please use discount code ZCE13C. . $150 discount on Conference/Tutorial registration &ndash; please use discount code ZCE13TC.;&middot;;; Student &ndash; available to full time students of accredited schools. Must submit copy of student ID to registration@zendcon.com.; Early price: $250 discount on Conference Only and Conference/Tutorial registration. Please use discount code STUD13.Attendees will be required to present a valid drivers license or passport upon check-in at the conference.;Cancellation Policy:Cancellations of conference registrations made prior to September 1, 2013 are subject to a;$200 cancellation fee. Cancellations made thereafter are nonrefundable. All cancellations must be made in writing to registration@zendcon.com. Substitutions may be made at any time by writing to;registration@zendcon.com. Confirmed registrants who do not attend the conference are liable for the entire fee. Cancellations of travel and hotel arrangements are the responsibility of the registrant. Zend reserves the right to refuse registrations. Due to insurance restrictions, no one under 18 will be admitted to the conference. All speakers, programs and descriptions are subject to change without notice.", "", "Sheraton Universal Hotel333 Universal Hollywood DriveHollywood, CA91806Room Rate With $100 Non Refundable Deposit: Thu - $219 Fri - $249 Sat - $249 Sun - $249Radisson Hotel LAX6225 W. Century Blvd.Los Angeles, CA 90045Room Rate With $100 Non Refundable Deposit: Thu - $170 Fri - $170 Sat - $170 Sun - $170The Westin Los Angeles Airport LAX5400 West Century BlvdLos Angeles, CA 90045Room Rate With $100 Non Refundable Deposit: Thu - $245 Fri - $245 Sat - $245 Sun - $189Four Points By Sheraton LAX9750 Airport Boulevard at 98th StreetLos Angeles, CA 90045Room Rate With $100 Non Refundable Deposi: Thu - $149 Fri - $189 Sat - $189 Sun $125You will receive a confirmation e-mail from the hotel directly confirming your stay.If you cancel 72 hours prior to arrival, there is no penalty. If you cancel after 4:00 PM hotel time on 02/17/2011, the forfeiture amount will be 100 percent. There may be additional applicable charges and taxesCheck-In Requirements:*Valid Photo ID*Valid Credit Card or Debit/Check Card", "This syllabus is the most advanced in the UK, designed by professional coaches and endorsed by academic bodies; it eclipses anything offered elsewhere ands any coach undergoing this level of professional training will stand head and shoulders above anyone who has attended a lesser programme.The Corporate and Executive Coaching Course includes six live training days. Click on the accelerator day name for further information.Live training Accelerator DayPracticalities of Corporate and Executive CoachingLive training Accelerator DayCoaching LeadershipLive training Accelerator DayCoaching Through ChangeLive training Accelerator DayEffective Team CoachingLive training Accelerator DayCoaching Towards Conflict ResolutionLive training Accelerator DayCareer Management in the Corporate EnvironmentYour Programme is accompanied by a comprehensive resource kit of samples, scripts and plans which you can follow until you have developed your own way of doing things.You will be given a set of scripts so that you will know what to say in each of these situations:You answer the phone to a new clientSomeone tells you that your fees are too highA client misses or is late for a sessionYou are not sure whether coaching is the right type of intervention for this clientYou are looking for new business and you would like to get referrals from your clientsYou want to get media coverage - this is the best way of approaching a journalistFees:The best way to do market research to find out what other coaches are chargingHow to design a fee structure which means that you don't charge too much and you don't charge too littleThe retainer fee approach which means that you aren't tied to specific hours on specific daysWhy you should be proud of what you do and confident in your abilities so that you can earn a part-time income equal to your full-time incomeA ready-made fee structure for new coaches which is based on our experienceMarketing no previous knowledge is requiredHow to set up a website which gets ranked in the search enginesSample adverts for advertising on GoogleA sample newspaper advertisementA sample email to send out to your contactsA marketing planHow to choose your business nameThe contact details for:Web designers and graphic designers we have usedThe best company to host your website and where to buy your domain nameThe contact details of where to register as a new businessWhere and how to register a companyOn graduation we will present you with a set of professionally printed business cards to get you started!", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 16, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Change your organisation, and achieve the benefits of strategic programme managementWho is it forThis high level course is for programme managers, members of programme management boards, and project managers who need to start managing several complex projects to bring about large-scale changes.There are no pre-requisites, but the course content is appropriate to delegates who need to manage several projects in a co-ordinated way, usually as part of a change management programme.What is it aboutProgramme management is the co-ordinated management of a portfolio of projects which change organisations to achieve benefits of strategic importance. Managing Successful Programmesr MSPr courses provide you with the understanding and skills you need to apply the methodology to managing programmes of work. The MSPr methodology was originally developed by the Office of Government Commerce OGC as a best practice framework and strategy for programme management, and draws from hundreds of real life experiences of change management programmes. It encompasses many years of best practice of change management programmes and provides a structured but flexible approach suited for all kinds of change management.Course OverviewIdentifying a programme Defining a programme Programme planning Benefits management Issue and risk management Establishing a programme Running a programme Delivering capability Realising benefits Closing a programme Case study APM programme scenario Exam based exercised The MSP Foundation closed-book examination is a 40 minute 50 multiple choice objectivequestion paper. Currently the pass mark is 60% 30 marks.PrerequisitesProject Management experience or Project Board experience is required. Some pre-course material is provided which should be fully read and understood before the course start. This is an intensive course and some evening work will be required during the course. What will I get out of it?Descriptions and applications of all facets of the programme processes, in accordance with the MSP methodology Be able to set up and manage complex programmes effectively The ability to identify and control risks Skills to monitor the objectives of a programme and the essential adjustments needed to respond to changes in the environment This course is delivered by Insights, an Accredited Training Organisation. MSPr describes the framework and strategies of programme management, an integral part of OGCs best practice portfolio. We have 10 more seats available so hurry and book now.", "Enjoy happy Hour from 6pm to 10pm. general Admission free for ladies before 10pm. Guest performer every week. Old school Hip hop, r;b and reggae.", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "ReisaTea Club takes over Dalston Roof Park with a FASH MASH! Festivalette - an afternoon of games, craft, customising and rooftop DJing by Curious People and Gaggle, plus a BBQ and all day bar to boot! Crafternoon will work with you to transform pre-loved garments that could have otherwise ended up in the landfill into DIY, individualised fashions, and all for free - bring your own old clothes along too!", "Back In Black Yappy Hourblack tie canine costume contest!Kanines And Kocktails presents our latest fido friendly fundraiser, where all are welcome, you do not have to have a dog to attend, but all pooches happily accepted!This happy hour includes our Black Tie Canine Costume Contest and pooch parade, where your dog can dress up to their hearts content. We also have adoptable black doggies on hand to find their forever family, courtesy of Abandoned Pet Rescue; an amazing silent auction, and our favorite pho-dographer. This event benefits Best Friends Rescue, and Abandoned Pet Rescue, two 501c3 organizations who work tirelessly to find forever homes for rescued animals, and to provide them with a wonderful place to live whilst they are waiting.Your ticket includes beverage and food, treats and water for your four legged family member, plus prize draw ticket.", "", "", "Includes:-Lifetime Membership-Private Forum-Additions ; Updates-Private Follow Up Session-Private Webinars-Tailored Trading Plan-and more...What You Get:-High Probability Intraday Momentum/Trending Systems I use daily-***Newly Added 3min Sniper Shadow System***-***Newly Added Volatility Striker System 1hr***-Our Shadow Systems on the 1hr, 2hr, 4hr time frames-Quantitative Rule-Based Strategies and Data-Advanced Pbar System for Trading Tops and Bottoms-Quantitative Pivot Point Data over the last 10yrs-RS3 Pivot Breakout System-BR Trading to spot Key Patterns and Moves in the Market-3 Dimensional Risk-Reward Models-Ongoing Lessons-Full Email Access to Chris Capre-Private Follow Up Session with Chris Capre-Lifetime Membership-How to Prepare For Your Trading Day-How to Know When to Trade and When Not To-How To Gauge Your Growth-How to Advance Your Pattern Recognition Skills-All updates to the courseand more...Simplify your trading while learning how to find unique trading opportunities, high probability setups backed by 10 years of quantitative data, and advanced chart reading skills for any market.These techniques are not complicated or difficult to learn. All of the strategies, systems, tactics, and methods you will learn are proprietary, and some of the quantitative analysis you will learn has never been published. This course is designed to give you an edge while keeping your trading simple. In this course, you will learn the shadow systems, our oldest systems to date since 2004. They are incredibly robust yet simple and will help you trade intraday momentum moves on the following instruments/pairs:EURUSDGBPUSDEURGBPAUDUSDNZDUSDSpot Silver vs. USD XAGUSD - coming soon", "", "Made in WolverhamptonVenue:Portobello PopUP Cinema25 May 2012 7:30 pmMade in WolverhamptonWorld PremiereAdam Kossoff | 74 minsFramed as a letter from the narrator to his girlfriend in Cuba, Made in Wolverhampton is a quizzical exploration of a post-industrial city with a combination of locked-off photography and super-dry voiceover recalling the work of Patrick Keiller. Hunting for 'after-images of the industrial revolution', the film builds up layers of observation, history and quotation...read more", "", "Join us for the best New Years Eve Party that San Diego has to offer. Its a formal Affair with gowns and tuxedos and Suits. Start with stimulating music entertainment while dining to an all you can eat dinner Buffet. Also included are party favors, San Diegos Hottest Disc Jockey ; Dj John Phillips of Golden Voice Productions , a midnight Champagne toast, a soultrain line that goes all the way out the door, Line dances, old and new school music, all with RESERVED SEATING, and lots of Fun, Fun, Fun. TICKETS ARE LIMITED AND EARLY PURCHASE GETS YOU UP FRONT.Get your friends together and bring in the New Year RIGHT!;Date: ; ; December 31st, 2011;Time ;: 7 pm till 1amWhere: ;Sheraton Hotel, Mission Valley;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;1433 Camino Del Rio South;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;San Diego, Calif ;92108For more info Call ;619-563-5826 or 619-698-6701For special price on rooms Call : 1-800-325-3535 mention Royal Princesses and Knights21 and older/ no refundsno tickets sold at doorGroup tickets are available", "", "The Building Industry Association of Philadelphia is the leading organization promoting residential development in the city. By working together with government and community stakeholders, the BIA improves efficiencies in the development process and removes barriers to neighborhood reinvestment. At our 11th Annual Housing Conference, The New Building Paradigm, the BIA will look at whether changes in city policies and practices have moved Philadelphia into a new development era. Keynote speaker Robert Francis of Drexel University will talk about the schools master plan and how such institutions can drive neighborhood transformation. Visit our website for details about the program and speakers.;Special Promotion for Non-Members: Conference attendees will receive a $50 credit toward BIA membership fees for joining within 30 days of the conference.;To pay by check, see http://www.biaofphiladelphia.com/housing-conference;SPONSORS:;Pyramid:;Metropolitan Regional Council of Carpenters;Monument:;Capozzi Real Estate and InsuranceGateway Funding Diversified Mortgage Services LPJKR Partners LLCJPMorgan Chase ; Co.;Landmark:;Commonwealth Land Title Insurance CompanyCustom Building Systems, LLCDale CorporationFox Rothschild LLPKaplin Stewart Meloff Reiter ; Stein PCKlehr Harrison Harvey Branzburg LLPPennsylvania Housing Finance AgencyPrudential Fox ; Roach/Trident GroupUS Construction Inc.;Friend:;Econsult CorporationMaGrann Associates", "", "", "", "This Google AdWords 201 training course is held in Edinburgh in Scotland.Google AdWords 201 Course;Duration:1 Day;Who is it for;Google AdWords 201 is aimed at a similar audience as the 101 course, but delegates should have some existing knowledge of AdWords. It&rsquo;s ideal for anyone who requires a deeper appreciation of Google AdWords&rsquo; many advanced concepts and who need to optimise AdWords campaigns to improve profitability.;What is it about;After successful completion of the course, students will be able to manage, optimise and develop sophisticated Google AdWords campaigns for themselves or their clients.;Course Overview;- Budget management and the Content Network;- Copy writing for increased clickthrough rate;- Keyword research, testing and using Google Analytics;- The AdWords Editor;", "May dates can help you make friends in the UK at our singles events and professional dating events for busy single people.Every month we provide up to a dozen opportunities for like-minded people to meet and make friends at our singles events. Our Dinner Dating Events range from dining to dancing, from theatre to travel, from galleries to golf and much more.This time we are having another of our spectacular dates. With Dinner and drinks served. Great opportunities and exclusive professional dating event with a unique touch of class. Music and dance all night.Dress Code: Strictly Black Tie, Dinner Jackets Men Formal Dress Ladiesall for a token PS44 single and PS68 Couple.", ";B.R. COHN WINERYIN ASSOCIATION WITH SCHNEBLY REDLANDS WINERY:;TASTE OF EXPRESSION;;COME CELEBRATE WITH A MAGNIFICENT CAUSE AS WE UNVEIL BROTHER AND SISTER COMPANY B.R.COHN AND SCHENEBLY WINERYS NEWEST COLLECTING IN FINE WINE. ALL GUESS ARE ASKED TO COME DRESSED TO IMPRESS, COMPLIMENTARY LIMO SHUTTLES TO ALL VIP PATRONS. ALSO OUR EXCLUSIVE BED AND BREAKFAST WILL BE AVAILABLE FIRST COME FIRST SERVE. ALL BOTTLE CAN BE PURCHASED ONLINE AT A DISCOUNTED PRICE 299.00 EACH AND DISCOUNTS AVAILABLE WITH STAY AND OR VIP/SEATING REQUEST. THE PRICES ARE LISTED BELOW PLEASE COME SHOW SUPPORT AND AS SUPPORT THE MANY FACETS OF WINE AVAILABLE IN OUR GREAT COUNTRY.;; FOR MORE INFO VISIT http://www.schneblywinery.com/", "", "", "Perfect Gift for people who love thai massages!", "", "", "Join us for a celebration of all music ensembles at Camberwell High School. Every music student in the school will be participating in this concert.", "Le festival met en sc&egrave;ne les grands M&acirc;alemines Ma&icirc;tres Gnaouas qui jouent la musique mystique et sacr&eacute;e des Gnaouas. Quelques centaines de milliers de visiteurs du monde entier sont attir&eacute;s par ce grand &eacute;v&egrave;nement musical. Les festivit&eacute;s se d&eacute;roulent dans toute la ville et principalement au niveau des deux grandes portes de la m&eacute;dina place Moulay el Hassan, et Bab Marrakech, o&ugrave; sont install&eacute;es les deux plus grandes sc&egrave;nes. Essaouira est m&eacute;connaissable durant ce festival;: toute la ville vit &laquo;;dans la fi&egrave;vre gnaoua;&raquo;.Ce festival a pour but le m&eacute;tissage culturel et musical, et propose une excellente s&eacute;lection dartistes venus du monde entier pour m&ecirc;ler leur musique &agrave; celle des gnaoui. Cest aussi loccasion pour de jeunes artistes locaux de faire leur apparition devant un large publiqueLe festival est enti&egrave;rement gratuit, et seuls certains concerts priv&eacute;s sont payants, appel&eacute;s les Lilas nuits.", ";Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band structured in 1967 in London.The band have sold well over 100 million collections worldwide with a confirmed 48,500,000 units sold in the U.S.A.Fleetwood Mac band will play at The O2 in September 2013.For Booking Fleetwood Mac tickets at The O2 in London with Premier Events, call 020 7283 4040 or book online.Visithttps://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/fleetwood-mac-tickets/fleetwood-mac-tickets/o2-arena-seated-london-gb-tickets/24-09-2013.aspx", "The Premiere Music ; Cultural Festival - Summer New Orleans. The Essence Music Festival is the largest stateside gathering of African-Americans in the United States. Its where we all come together to celebrate entertainment and culture like no other festival in the world. Each year, over 400,000 people joined us in New Orleans, where weve been since 1993", "Join OHNY for its annual summer boat tour up the majestic Hudson River with special guest commentators Tom Mellins, architectural historian and curator, and Bill Miller, maritime historian and author. An architectural tour of Manhattans West Side, including Renzo Pianos new Whitney Museum, now under construction; Frank Gehrys IAC Headquarters; the iconic Starrett-Lehigh Building; Hudson Yards; Midtown Manhattan; Riverside Park; and much more. Hear the stories and histories behind two centuries of waterfront development along the Hudson. This event is made possible with the generous support of Hornblower Cruises ; Events.", "tatusPendingDomain CertificationUncertified;|;CertifyDomain PrivacyUnprotected;|;ProtectDirectory ListingUnpublished;|;PublishLock StatusUnlockedAuto RenewEnabled;Connected WithWeb HostingEmail HostingSSL CertificateSite BuilderEmail MarketingSearch SubmitWeb Stats", "Dear friends,We are excited to announce the Aphrodis by Night Masquerade to be held on 20th Tuesday August 20 th 2013.;DJ Line up;ELLIE COCKS Kaos Kid MARLON K;Live PerfomancesSilvina MorenoChris Sharp Sax;LOCATION: The Hurlingham Club - Ranelagh Gardens, London SW6 3PR;DRESS CODE: Ladies and Gents, Bacchus demands that you open your senses and dive into a night of pure seduction. Your Senses will be treated to a night of pure luxury. Temptation is the guideline for this memorable evening so think enchantment, flirtation, and persuasion: get your lace, silk, masks, keep it mysterious but mostly keep it elegant.;TIME: Tuesday 20th August - 8:00pm - 3:00amThe Aphrodis Teamwww.aphrodis.co.ukAll ticket sales are non-refundable", "4u2nv Entertainment Presents*********** OBSESSION**********Saturday 28th of September; @The Lane Bar, 12-15 Osborn Street London E1 6TEDJ Frankie ; DJ Milli Yung playing the best of rnb, hip hop. House, bashment and afro beats.DRESS CODE - Smart, Sexy..basically STUNNING! Ready 2 SeduceID may be required !Door Open:- 10pm-3:30am, Ladies free B4 11:30pm on Guest List / Guys &pound;5 B4 11:30pm on Guestlist..For more info ; names for GUESTLIST 07539850043, 07958031942, 07958553807, 07921576943 bb: 21781FC6", "HABEN SIE TALENT ? SCHONHEIT?WERDEN SIE TOP MODEL UND WERBEN SIE FUER MISS EURO AFRICASie sehen gut aus, haben Ausstrahlung und das Zeug zur Sch&ouml;nheitsk&ouml;nigin? Dann bewerben Sie sich jetzt bei uns um die Krone der \"Miss Africa Europa \". Die Gewinnerin darf anschlie&szlig;end an der \"Miss Five Continents\"-Wahl teilnehmen.;Dieser Wettbewerb bietet die gro&szlig;e Chance f&uuml;r alle Nachwuchsmodels und -missen: Gemeinsam mit den Veranstaltern der \"Miss Africa europa\" Wahl suchen wir die sch&ouml;nste Africanische Frau im Europa Die Top 30 unter den Bewerberinnen laden wir zu einem exklusiven Fotoshooting im F&uuml;nf-Sterne-Hotel Elington ;in Berlin ein. Anschlie&szlig;end d&uuml;rfen unsere User entscheiden, welche zehn Kandidatinnen es in die Finalshow schaffen. Die \"Miss Africa Europa \" wird im November von einer Fach jury gew&auml;hlt und fliegt mit den anderen \"Miss Africa Europa \"-Kandidatinnen in ein Vorbereitungscamp, bevor im Februar der Wettkampf um die Krone der \"Miss Africa Europa \" steigt.Teilnehmen d&uuml;rfen alle ledigen Frauen zwischen 16 und 28, die keine Kinder haben und die Europ&auml;ische und africanische besitzen. Es d&uuml;rfen von Ihnen keine Nackt- oder Erotikaufnahmen im Umlauf sein.Wenn Sie glauben, dass Sie das Zeug zur Sch&ouml;nheitsk&ouml;nigin haben, dann schicken Sie uns mindestens zwei aktuelle Fotos von sich per Mail an miss@missafrica.eu. Laden Sie au&szlig;erdem das Teilnahmeformular herunter und schicken es uns ausgef&uuml;llt an die darauf;", "Bushido Konzertkarten heute ! Last Minute. Zuschlagen und live heute dabei sein.", "", "", "HEY EVERYONE! AS AN OFFICIAL PROMOTER WITH EVENTVIBE.COM, I CREATED AN EVENT PAGE TO INVITE PEOPLE TO OUR SHOWS. WE HOST EVENTS EVERY THURSDAY @ FLUXX NIGHTCLUB IN SAN DIEGOS GASLAMP DISTRICT. FLUXX, AFTER TEN MONTHS OF BEING OPEN, HAS BECOME KNOWN AS SDS HOTTEST AND MOST EXCLUSIVE NIGHTCLUB. ITS OUR PLEASURE TO SEEK OUT NEW CLIENTS AND CLUB GOERS!! OUR NEXT EVENT IS TAKING PLACE JANUARY 27TH AT 9 PM. INFECTED MUSHROOM WILL BE IN THE HOUSE. THESE TRANCE SUPERSTARS WERE RATed NUMBER 13 ON THE DJ MAGAZINE ANNUAL POLL. THEY MIX VOCALS, DRUMS, GUITARS, AND AN AMAZING MULTIMEDIA BACKDROP TO CREATE AN UNFORGETTABLE NIGHT OF FUN!!COME BE APART OF THE FUN!!YOU CAN CONTACT ME FOR $10 PRESALE TICKETS. 619-822-6294, OR HIT THIS LINK TO PURCHASE THEM ONLINE. THEY ARE MORE EXPENSIVE ONLINE BECAUSE OF THE SERVICE FEE. https://www.eventvibe.com/event-info/Infected-Mushroom-EDM-Fluxx/127275x1I CAN ALSO ADD NAMES TO OUR GUEST LIST. THANKS SO MUCH AND HOPE TO SEE EVERYONE THERE!BRENNAN MACLEAN 619 822-6294EVENTVIBE.COM", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "", "Medical Rep Insight - \"Breaking into the industry\" seminar. - TampaHilton Tampa Airport Westshore2225 North Lois Avenue,Tampa, Florida, United States33607-2355Tel:1-813-877-6688 Fax: 1-813-879-3264", "", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "I Group Marketing + Sales Web Seminar Series;Start thinking of your Web Site as more than an online brochure&mdash;an effective web site will not only sell your;products 24-7, it will build an online community that continues to sell via viral marketing. Design, color, navigation, powerful headlines, and the ability to convey your message clearly are just a few of the elements you need to think about when creating or recreating your online presence. Knowing your audience is the most important step. This first class in the;Marketing + Sales;series will teach you how to turn your Web Site into a Powerful Marketing Tool. You will learn how to:;Design a site that engages your audience in less than a secondWrite effective sales copyCreate a powerful call-to-actionDevelop an enticing brandUnderstand the importance of imagery and message placementHow readers surf the Net and how to capture visitor contact information for future use, and more&hellip;.;", "", "Get your swim suits, favorite pair of sunnys, sailor caps and your Sperrys/flippy floppys ready to set sail! Were prepping the boat to set adrift on a topside 4 hour tour w/ ISHI YACHT PARTY ROCK! This double decker boat only holds 200 shipmates so dont be a square knot and get your tickets early!Tickets include: OPEN BAR, Catered food by Celebrity Cafe in Highland Park, a funky boat ride, awesome people, amazing tunes and outstandingly good times! Did we mention, ISHI on a MF boat?!!!? Dont forget your camera.The boat will leave promptly @ 5pm, we would like to catch some good rays before sunset however, everyone will be gathering a little early and hanging out at the sand bar and picnic areas before departure. So come a little early and make a new friend or just start your drinking, the day will be filled with both. =", "Get on the bus. ONLY 30 TICKETS AVAILABLE AND THEY WILL SALE FAST! Ticket prices are $160 per person and includes the following: ***A round trip from Red Rock Saloon in Downtown Fort Myers to Miami and back on a party bus. The bus will leave at 10am and return within 3 hours of the end of the game we should be back by 7pm. ***A few 12 packs of beer Bud Light ; Miller Lite, coke, water and maybe a little rum or vodka on the bus. You CAN bring your own bottle and snacks but they can not be brought into the stadium ***Your ticket;into the game;***TICKETS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE!!!", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "", "Ready to get fit? Well here is your chance, join in a 60 minute cardio based workout. Learn how to shape and tone while having fun dancing to the top hits of today.;Space is limited. Register Today!NOTICE: There are NO REFUNDS once your payment is processed.; PLEASE PRINT YOUR EMAILED TICKETS or EMAILED CONFIRMATION and bring with you to class for admission.; NO LATE ADMITTANCE for anyone 10-minutes after class has begun.; FIRST-TIME STUDENTS must arrive a minimum of 10-MINUTES PRIOR TO CLASS START TIME to sign an injury \"waiver and relea", "One of the largest all-breed benched dog shows in the country,Mclarens Dog Expo attractshundreds ofvisitors to observe more than500 purebred dogs from 161 breeds demonstrate their skills in a variety of competitions. Judged competitions include conformation, agility and obedience; the Best in Show Amateur-Owner-Handler Competition; Junior Dog Judging, offered exclusively atMclarens dog expo is also for children ages 9-19; and the Puppy Spectacular, which features the finest puppies aged 6 months to 12 months competing for \"Best Puppy In Show.\" Again this year, a \"Chicago-style\" no-benches format is to be used allowing guests to meet and greet with dogs and their handlers. MclarensPet Expo,is presented by the American Pet Products Association APPA and Pet Industry Distributors Association PIDA. The 2012 Show is going tofeature50 exhibitors,100 booths and more than200 new product launches.Hundreds ofpet product buyers from around the world attended.Mclarens Pet Expo will take place in Jacksonville, Florida. Mclarens Pet Expo is open to independent retailers, distributors, mass-market buyers, and other qualified professionals", "Suppliers from American Airlines, NTTA, Walmart, DFW Airport and many others many contract opportunities will be on hand to meet and greet hundreds of innovative small to mid-size businesses with products and services to offer. Join and reserve your exhibit today.;The 2012 Mountain View College Supplier Diversity and Innovative Small Business Conference for the North Texas area is presented in partnership with the Dallas County Community College Districts Diversity Office.; Featuring Coach Ken Carter, renowned basketball coach, motivational speaker and business owner, the Conference is highlighted with supplier diversity and capital investment executives from Dallas Fort Worth International Airport, North Texas Toll Authority, Capital One Bank, Rainmaker, Incorporated, South Dallas Development Corporation, Bradlink, LLC, American Airlines, ACCION, Texas and many others.; One of the most innovative highlights of the Conference is the Innovative Small Business Leader Award, sponsored by Walmart and presented by Monique Myles Carswell- Director, Marketing ; Strategic Partnerships, at Black Enterprise magazine.;; The full day conference and lunch cost is open to the public at $10 each.", "FOREXWHAT IS IT? TRADE GAME OR LUCKMEET THE GURUS OF THE TRADEPROFESSOR DANIEL WETHERSPOONHow to Make Money ConsistentlyHow to identify HOT Forex opportunities and produce an immediate weekly income from intra-day and end-of-day trading strategies!How to keep the risk in checkYou never risk more than 1% of your account on any trade.How to trade full-timeLeave your job behind and have Forex support your financial needs.FIND OUT MORE ON THIS INTENSIVE 5HR TRAINING WITH LIVE TRADING.", "Biometrics or biometric authenticationrefers to the identification of humans by their characteristics or traits. Biometrics is used in computer science as a form of identification and access control. It is also used to identify individuals in groups that are under surveillance.;Biometric identifiers are the distinctive, measurable characteristics used to label and describe individuals. Biometric identifiers are often categorized as physiological versus behavioral characteristics. A physiological biometric would identify by ones voice, DNA, hand print or behavior. Behavioral biometrics are related to the behavior of a person, including but not limited to: typing rhythm, gait, and voice. Some researchers have coined the term behaviometrics to describe the latter class of biometrics.Learn more when you attend : Mastering Biometrics Apps in 120 Minutes Pt 4  Rush Class We expect you.", "20 great business ideas in the Agricultural IndustryOver the following millennia Britain's farmers shaped the countryside we now see - and, in providing food, freed others from the tie of the land. New crafts and trades flourished, spawning the cultural diversity that has become society today.Our seminar outlines the various aspects defining the best methods to become part of this big and prolific investment.", "The course is designed for first time users who have a basic working knowledge of AutoCAD and plan to develop 3D mechanical in detailed and orthographic drawings. Trainees will learn all the features and benefits of Mechanical Desktop for part, assembly and surface modelling. This course is 100% hands-on, with exercises to practice the skills as you learn them.this is a 10hr training with lunch provided.course outlines are as follows*Profiles and Constraints*Creating a 3D Part*Part Modelling Techniques*Working with Features*Advanced Part Modelling*Introduction to Assemblies*Creating Part Drawings*Working with Drawingslimited spaces available was PS600 now PS285Do you will require accomodation or do you require more details on the course outline? pls send us an email atcad.it@brew-meister.com12hrs before the event.", "", "This is an informal night where u can mingle with a glass of wine or two, to meet like minded people in the local area. Its a loud kind of evening, disco, loud music, very friendly bunch of people.Age is mere numbers, there will be maximum security, music from the 60s to 90s plus dinner and drinks all included. the majority of people who attended last time were in their 30s, 40s and 50s and we had a great mix of men and women although women do always outnumber men so come along guys.. you will be the centre of attention! ;FANCY DRESS OPTIONAL BUT HO HO HO LETS GET IN THE CHRISTMAS SPIRITCASUAL DRESS ALSO GREAT BUT NO TRACKSUITS PLS.", "Join our local astrologers and mediums for the wonderful alignment of the celestial spheres. Unite citizens of Atlantis, Lemuria, Mermaids, Giants and Ets. Supernaturals are gathering from across the nation to join in this monumental event. This event is scheduled from 7pm to midnight and will include, readings, music, meditation, and free food.", "Musica Retro con proyecciones, Sorpresas, Barra abierta en Cerveza y vodka.;", "We appreciate your contribution in the past years towards helping the less privelage. Our annual fund raising dinner is here again. Your contributions will be much appreciated as ususal.ThanksKatty", "", "", "Business IT ; Marketing solution Meeting for small entreprises", "My friend, Alyssa Paro has been diagnosed and is fighting breast cancer. In light of her recent diagnoses, I have created this page in an effort to raise money for the Paro family. I will be running 26.2 miles in the Derby Festival Marathon on July 27th. I will have some fun goals along the way and need your help. Please take a few minutes out of your day to read the below. Alyssa has two small children and now has only one income to support their family. ;;Let us work together to help these incredibly strong people.;", "Bruce Springsteen comes back to the Uk in 2013 with a restrictive show at Sunday 30th June 2013 Hard Rock Calling, Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park. Bruce Springsteen fans can purchase Bruce Springsteen tickets in London with Premier Events at moderate costs. For booking Bruce Springsteen tickets you can call us on 020 7283 4040 or book on the web.http://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/bruce-springsteen-tickets/default.aspx", "High School Reunion Vorcheis - This event was made to collect all the pupils and aims to raise funds that will be given to our poor brothers.", "THE PROMOTERS COLLECTIVE ;;PRESENTS;THE GATSBY EXPERIENCE;FT::::::::::::::: DEJI SMOOTHS ;BIRTHDAY SOIREE ;SATURDAY :::::::::::::::::::;For the first time ever your favourite promoters have come together to give you a unique, breathtaking party experience.;;This will be an event like never before. The mansion will be decorated in a 1920s theme just like the;movie GATSBY.;Be entertained by our burlesque VEGAS SHOW GIRLS, fire breathers , arial hoop performers etc;OUR GUESTS ;WITH AN INVITEWILL HAVE COMPLIMENTARY ENTRY, FREE CANAPES, AND CHAMPAGNE RECEPTION;SIGN UP TO GET AN INVITE. ;LIMITED SPACES AVAILABLE. ;THE ADDRESS AND LOCATION OF THE GATSBY MANSIONWILL BE ANNOUNCED A FEW DAYS BEFORE THE EVENT.;STAY TUNED............;;", "Life-changing solar lightLife-changing solar lightOur goal is to;eradicate the kerosene lamp from Africa by 2020. To do this we want to get &lsquo;pico&rsquo; solar lights to the 598 million people living off-grid in rural Africa;A charity that sells lights!Yep! At first this looks odd - but we believe this is both essential for the creation of a sustainable market for solar lights and the;only way;to eradicate the kerosene lamp from Africa for good.All income generated by the sale of lights is invested back into our work: helping to make this an incredibly cost-effective way of combatting both poverty and climate change.;;Success: switching on to solarWe&rsquo;re a small charity with a huge impact. The average household size in west Africa is five, so we need more than;500,000;solar lights ;to transform the lives of over two;million people.;;StrategySelling solar lights in remote communities where there is little trust or knowledge of solar, poor infrastructure and only basic retail networks is an expensive and difficult challenge. Businesses are naturally unwilling to gamble on such an unknown productAs people begin to trust the technology, more solar lamps are bought, costs fall and a thriving industry begins to take shape, attracting other organisations. As each region reaches a solar &lsquo;tipping point&rsquo;, local entrepreneurs take over and apermanent market is established. Jobs are created, solar lights become commonplace and more and more people are able to buy their way out of fuel poverty.solarlightfoundation;can then focus on another region, then another &ndash; catalysing the pico solar market across the continent. we supports this growth, encouraging innovation and collaboration.That&rsquo;s progress and aid combined: 21st;century style.;How to make it happenTo give people access to solar lamps and inspire trust in the technology, solarlightfoundation;engages local communities network.How much do solar lamps cost th", "Great Track21 ; up", "When, Where ; WhatOne, two days of cycling in the gently rolling hills of Highlands County, excellent buffet lunch meals by Chef Mac, Ice Cream Socials, Door Prizes, etc. Riders will especially appreciate our low traffic roads, friendly motorists, citrus groves, cattle ranches, and small towns typical of rural Central.Fully supported routes with cue sheets ; maps, on-road route marks, excellent rest stops, bicycle mechanic, and dispatched SAG service vehicles. Daily rides ranging from 11 to 62 miles plus our Sunday Bok Tour Century 100 miles.Meals: Registrants enjoy a daily expended continental breakfast including scrambled eggs ; home fries, cereals, yogurts, fruit and a deluxe buffet lunch that includes salad, carving, vegetable and desert stations as well as an entree buffet line. For example main entrees on Sunday include: Carved Turkey Breast ; cranberry sauce, Grilled Mahi Mahi ; pineapple relish or Grilled Chicken Veracruz.Free Ride T-Shirt for all registrants, as well as drawings and prizes.", "makan ati pokok e", ";Lecture 1:;;; Introduction to HTML and Basic HTML Tags;;; 15:48 Resume Lecture;;; Lecture 2:;;; Anchor Tag;;; 15:22 Resume Lecture;;; Lecture 3:;;; Image Tag;;; 06:28 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 4:;;; Formatting Tags;;; 05:28 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 5:;;; Lists;;; 08:58 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 6:;;; Tables;;; 12:36 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 7:;;; Forms;;; 19:45 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 8:;;; iFrames;;; 05:41 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 9:;;; HTML Entities;;; 04:48 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 10:;;; Meta Tag;;; 10:28 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 11:;;; HTML Color and Background;;; 03:47 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 12:;;; Adding Audio and Video;;; 04:11 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 13:;;; Link Tag;;; 03:29 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 14:;;; Script Tag;;; 06:19 Start Lecture;;; Lecture 15:;;; Style Tag and Attribute;;; Start Lecture;;; Lecture 16:;;; Moving Towards XHTML;;; 05:35 Start Lec", "LInstitut Fran&ccedil;ais de Marrakech pr&eacute;sente une exposition de 9 oeuvres de;Suzanne Drouet Reveillaud, issues de la collection de Denise Masson.;Commissaire dexposition : Alain Messaoudi;Vernissage le vendredi 2 novembre 2012 &agrave; 18h30;;Cette exposition sera permanente au Riad Denise Masson", "Le nouveau;Mus&eacute;e de Marrakech de Photographie et des Arts visuels au Palais Badii MMP+;pr&eacute;sente son;exposition d&rsquo;inauguration:;10 Photographes Contemporains Marocains.;Cette exposition nest pas destin&eacute;e &agrave; &ecirc;tre une enqu&ecirc;te exhaustive, mais plut&ocirc;t une section transversale de la pratique contemporaine actuelle par des artistes photographes marocains.;;Les artistes exposants sont :;Yto Barrada; Carolle Benitah, Hicham Benohoud, Yasmina Bouziane, Ali Chraibi, Hicham Gardaf, Hassan Hajjaj, Lamia Naji, Leila Sadel, Daoud Aoulad Siad.;", "", "miss africa europa 2014www.missafrica.eu", "MOTOWN THE MUSICAL is the real story of the one-of-a-kind sound that hit the airwaves in 1959 and changed our culture forever. This exhilarating show charts Motown founder Berry Gordy&rsquo;s incredible journey from featherweight boxer to the heavyweight music mogul who launched the careers of Diana Ross, Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Marvin Gaye and so many more. Featuring all the classics you love, MOTOWN THE MUSICAL tells the story behind the hits as Diana, Smokey, Berry and the whole Motown family fight against the odds to create the soundtrack that changed America. Motown shattered barriers, shaped our lives and made us all move to the same beat. Now, experience the next electrifying chapter in the Motown story, Broadways record-breaking smash hit MOTOWN THE MUSICAL!", "Join us for the 2013 Greenwich Wine+Food Festival. This 6.3-acre tented event features celebrity chefs, cooking demonstrations, gourmet tastings, wine and spirits and live performances by favorite headlining musicians.", "French inhale, FOG and much more. come into our room and learn some wicked skills._", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Live Performance Masterclass ; How to Run Your Music Business Live Performance Workshop for Singers This is an event for singers at all levels. If you get nervous on stage, lack stage presence, want to have a 2nd opinion, just want to be better - this is for you. Songwriter, recording artist, professional agent and trainer will be available for the 4daysworkshop. Itsan absolute must for all singers of all genres. What you will learnDeveloping your own persona on stageImproving or developing your stage presenceTechniques which can cover fear whilst you are on stageYoull receive objective feedback written after your own mini, performance, which will help you develop your skills as a performer.Who is the course for?If you have taken a break from singing Singers with little or no experienceProfessionals who need to freshen their act Lead singer in a band who needs to develop their stage presenceWhat you need to bring alongYou need to bring along a backing track o more than 3 mins or your instrument such as guitar. There is a piano available if you play and want to accompany yourself.Light lunch, beverages, handouts, individual feedback on performance with tips on how to improve or enhance. __________________________________________________________________How to Run your Music Business It features showbiz lawyer, publishing ; intelectual property specialist and booking agent giving practical up to date advice on the dos and donts in all aspects of the industry.What you will learn- Organising your Business- Health and Safety and your responsibilities- Various types of Contracts - Why band agreements are so important - RecordingPublishing Agreements- Earnings from your own songs- Tax and ; responsibilities for artists- Registering artist names, trademarks, passing offWho is the course for? For singer/songwriters, bands and musicians who want to avoid the pitfalls experienced by many in the music industry. Whether you are in a band, choir, sing opera, rock, singer/songwriter, solo artist, thinking of looking for a manager, it does not matter the same principles apply.What the Course IncludesTuition from music business experts including lawyer and publishing specialists plus booking agent, handouts, beverages and snacks.", "After 10years of doing stand up comedy with successful tours and comedy shows in Nigeria, Western Europe, Toronto, New York, Los Angeles and DC USA, British-born Nigerian stand up comic Wale Gates headlines his first one-man show \"JUST JOKING with WALE GATES\" on the 06th of May 2012 at the Broadway Theatre Catford Time 6pm. Guest Performers: THE GODFATHER OF NIGERIAN COMEDY ALI BABA, Nollywood actor comedian and poineer BASORGE TARIAH Jr, TEJU BABYFACE HOST OF THE TEJUBABYFACE SHOW, KOFFI, Owen Geeand JEDI from theUSA.Music by Micheal WordDJ Abass, DJ Wateva and DJ ARCHYRA.\"...Wale Gates is often boundary-pushing, ever entertaining and always Funny\"Check out this ad:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFFuOElh-yQ", "", "", "", "After such an amazing 2011 edition, the excitement is already building for BingFestival 2012 in march at Hylands Park, Chelmsford and Weston Park, Staffordshire.;fans can expect the history of mind blowing musical festivities to repeat itself! With other top artists like;WIZ KIDO,PAC FACE,THE REMINIS,and many more playing at the Bing 2012.tickets are sure to sell out fast! Acts will be appearing over two days on a variety of stages, and here you can find a variety of tickets including Bing festival weekend camping.", "International Shorts 2.Venue:Portobello PopUP Cinema26 May 2012 5:30 pmVermont, MontpelierWorld PremiereCarlos Martin - Penasco |Spain| 22 mins\"That Sunday morning, my father woke up and went to the bathroom. After a shower, he noticed he couldnt comb his hair properly. He headed for the kitchen where my mother and some old friends of them were having breakfast. He walked in saying no word, sat at the table, stared at his cup of...read moreTree of ForgettingWorld PremiereDan Luis Boord Valdovino |United States| 9 minsThe worlds shortest short story takes a detour to a place where time is a forking path of possibilities leading to the same eventuality, the past. A place where it was possible to vanish among family and friends and where the places and things of everyday life may also take on horrific features and meanings....read moreHOMEUK PremiereKasia Kohler Larsen |Denmark| 7 mins- A diary note about love, still alive in a house of loneliness....read moreFishing With PopoEuropean Premiere Watch trailerWing Yan Lilian, Fu |Hong Kong| 9min minsAs she visits her grandmother's grave, a girl remembers the funeral, her grandmother's vivid storytelling and a curious dream that she had of her grandmother in her after-life....read moreTHIS IS OUR HOUSEEuropean PremiereRamtin Nikzad |United States| minsA renowned Iraqi painter, displaced by war, longs for his past while his young daughter carries only a fading memory of her birthplace....read more", "Summary4 man scrambe format. Starts @ 8am. Includes on course refreshments and a steak dinner after your finished golfing.Purse/PrizesCash prizes for 1st, 2nd, ; 3rd Place. Everyone gets a doo prize just for signing up.Additional InformationOn course contests such as closest to the pin, pot of gold, et", "DivisionUnderground;is a small full-service website design/software engineering company headquartered in Huntsville, AL. We are skilled in all areas of front and back end web design and software development including graphic design, php programming, databases, security, flash, and small C++ and Java programs.We will be lauching a brandnew style of web designing. Do not miss out on the wonderful opportunity to check out what we have to offer.Much Respect,Division-Underground staff", "ODEON LIVE COMEDY SHOWPRESENT THE BEST COMEDY SHOWThe Best In Stand Up - Our highlight of the week with 5 top comicsAT3 ; 4 Deansgate Locks, Whitworth ST, Manchester, M1 5LHDATE: 28th JULY 2012TIME: 7.00PM - 12.00AMBuy your Ticket Now", "", "Booked itemsYour trip:Midway to London and vicinity Use the airline confirmation code for check-in with the airline. Your hotel reservation is confirmed. Your attractions & services reservation is confirmed.Note: The flight portion of your trip is charged directly by the airline. This will result in you receiving a separate credit card charge for the flight, but the total charges on your credit card will be equal to the trip price.View payment history.Flight summary All passengers travelling to the USA must provide country of residence and details of the address they will be staying upon arrival street name and number, city, zip code and state, during check-in. Failure to provide this may result in flight boarding being denied by the airline.Hotel Class: Room description: double roomNonsmoking/Smoking: Non-SmokingRoom type: 1 KING BEDUnless specified otherwise, rates are quoted in US dollars.The price you selected DOES NOT include any applicable service fees, charges for optional incidentals such as minibar snacks or telephone calls or regulatory surcharges. The lodging facility will assess these fees, charges and surcharges upon check-out.Activities & Services summary IMPORTANT: Be sure to bring all vouchers with you on your trip. We cannot guarantee access to your booked Activities & Services without your vouchers. View and print all vouchers.Description Date QuantityGround Transportation Heathrow Airport to Central London Hotel: Car 1-3 PeopleDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 1 CarBilly Elliot: The Musical Show Only at 7:30 PMDetails Mon 5-Nov-12 2 TravelersAdmission to St Pauls Cathedral Including Afternoon TeaDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 2 AdultsTour 4: Harry Potter TourDetails Sat 27-Oct-12 3 AdultsView and print all vouchers. Then bring them with you when you go.Rules and restrictionsPackage OverviewThe airfare in this package is non-refundable. Credit may be issued as per applicable airline policies less airline change fees.By purchasing this package, you agree to the full rules and regulations.hotels.com packages can be canceled according to the cancellation rules of the individual components making up the packages see below for the specific rules of the components of your packages.You may cancel your hotel without affecting your other travel items.Your flight may be changed but not canceled unless noted below.You must call 1-866-610-4770. For international calls, contact 001-702-939-2525 to change or cancel your package.Flight Rules and RestrictionsThese Flight Rules & Regulations apply to special vacation and published airfare, unless expressly indicated otherwise. Published airfare has additional airline rules and regulations that apply and vary depending on the airline and the airfare purchased. Please read all rules and regulations applicable to your airfare carefully.Flight details e.g., aircraft, times, are subject to change.All tickets are nontransferable and name changes are not allowed.Tickets are valid only on the dates and times indicated unless an exchange is processed. Special vacation airfare cannot be exchanged. Some published fare tickets can be exchanged for travel at a later date, subject to airline approval and the following restrictions:The original ticket holder must use the ticket.The ticket must be used on the same airline.The new ticket must be re-booked prior to the original flight time and date in some cases.Travel on a re-booked ticket must be completed within one year of the date that the original ticket was issued in most cases.The tickets value is limited to its current face value.Please note that the most restrictive set of rules applies to your entire itinerary.Chicago, IL CHI-All Airports to London, England, UK LON-All AirportsTickets are nonrefundable. A fee of $275.00 per ticket will be charged for itinerary changes after the tickets are issued, provided that the booking rules were followed.Chicago, IL CHI-All Airports to London, England, UK LON-All AirportsTickets are nonrefundable. A fee of $275.00 per ticket will be charged for itinerary changes after the tickets are issued, provided that the booking rules were followed.Please read important information regarding airline liability limitations.Prices do not include baggage fees or other fees charged directly by the airline.See an overview of the rules and restrictions applicable for this fare.View the complete penalty rules for changes and cancellations associated with this fare.Hotel Rules and RestrictionsLondon: Grange Tower BridgeProperty policiesYou must be at least 18 to check in to this hotel.Base rate is for 2 guests.Guest charges and room capacityTotal maximum number of guests per room/unit is 2.Maximum number of adults per room/unit is 2.Maximum number of children per room/unit is 1.Maximum number of infants per room/unit is 1.This property considers guests aged 17 and under, at time of travel, to be children.This property considers guests aged 1 and under, at time of travel, to be infants.Availability of accommodation in the same property for extra guests is not guaranteed.The fee for extra adults is $84.82 per person.Your credit card is charged the total cost above at time of purchase. Prices and room availability are not guaranteed until full payment is received.Pricing and paymentSome hotels request that we wait to submit guest names until 7 days prior to check in. In such a case, your hotel room is reserved, but your name is not yet on file with the hotel.Rooms are provided by WWTE.Any changes to or cancellation of your reservation may result in fees up to the total amount paid for the reservation.Cancellations and changesPrices and hotel availability are not guaranteed until full payment is received.If you would like to book multiple rooms, you must use a different name for each room. Otherwise, the duplicate reservation will be canceled by the hotel.There is no charge for cancellations and changes made before 12:01 AM GMT Daylight Time on October 26, 2012.Cancellations or changes made after 12:01 AM GMT Daylight Time on October 26, 2012 are subject to a hotel fee equal to 100% of the total amount paid for the reservation.Activities and Services Rules and RestrictionsActivities & Services require prepayment. You will be charged in full for all selected Activities & Services at the time of booking.Activities & Services availability and pricing are subject to change until full payment is received.Terms and conditions vary by Activity or Service.Activities & Services cannot be transferred from one person to another.You must print your Activities & Services vouchers and bring them with you to your destination.What else can we help you with? Save on Activities & Services in London SightseeingDining optionsGround transportationAttraction passesSearch for more Activities & Services View your itinerary for complete and up-to-date trip details, or to make changes online.Customer SupportItinerary number: 11612262056If you have questions about your reservation, fill out our itinerary assistance form. Well respond within 24 hours: For immediate assistance call hotels.com at 1-866-610-4770. For international calls, contact 001-702-939-2525 or after hours at 1-800-EXPEDIA and have the itinerary number ready.Thank you for choosing hotels.com.http://travel.hotels.com/pubspec/scripts/eap.asp?goto=jump&eapid=11474-30001&jurl=hotels.comhttp://hotels.com/", "Welcome toEVENTCinemas Westfield Albany! These fantastic new movie theatres on Aucklands North Shore boast 8 screens, Gold Class, Lounge bar, Digital", "FOREX TRADING;COME FOR OUR FREE SEMINAR/PAID TRAINING WHERE WE WILL LEAD YOU BY HAND TO THE REAL BASICS.What the forex market is and how forex trading worksThe advantages of forex and how it differs from traditional marketsFour simple steps to making your first forex trade;How to become familiar with your first free demo accountHow to easily set up your computer for forex tradingRisk-free methods to make your money work for youHow to simplify and completely understand forex tradingThe world&rsquo;s simplest and safest way of making a living, trading forex onlineCrucial money-management strategies for maximum growth potential;", "New year party @ The Town House,;Introducing - 2Play 2ch&eacute;Progressive - House - EDMTicket only eventEarly bird &pound;3 including booking fee&pound;5 on the door", "Salamis Bay Conti Resort Hotel ; Casino'nun deniz ve doga ile cevrelenmis konumunda unutulmaz bir yilbasi ve tatil firsati sizleri bekliyor!Salamis Bay Conti Resort Hotel'de, 'All Inclusive' hizmeti ile yuksek kaliteli servis ve musteri memnuniyeti esas alinarak hizmet verilmektedir.Ucretsiz Hizmetler: Fitness Center, Hamam, Kapali Havuz, Sauna, Mini Club, Jakuzi, Kablosuz Internet Baglantisi, Acik Otopark, Dus ve Soyunma Kabinleri, Hemsire, Tenis Kortlari, Masa Tenisi.Ucretli Hizmetler: Guzellik ve Saglik Merkezi, Masaj, Langirt, Bilardo, Video Oyunlari, Su Sporlari, Bebek Bakimi, Doktor Hizmeti, Posta, Telefon, Fax, Fotokopi Hizmetlei, Camasirhane ve Kuru Temizleme Hizmetleri, Fotograf Cekimi, Kuyum, Casino, Dalis Okulu ve Transfer Hizmetleri.Konforlu ve deniz manzarali odalari, birbirinden farkli eglence ve spor aktiviteleri ve spa merkezi ile Salamis Bay Conti Resort Hotel ; Casino size hayallerinizdeki tatili garantiliyor.", "SLAS is an international community of more than 15,000 individual scientists, engineers, researchers, technologists and others from academic, government and commercial laboratories. SLAS provides forums for education and information exchange to encourage the study of and advance laboratory science and technology for the drug discovery, agrochemical, biotechnology, chemical, clinical diagnostic, consumer product, energy, food, forensic, pharmaceutical, security and other industries.", "Wait no longer...Rich Homie Quan Performs Live in Dothan Alabama. June 7, 2013 Door open at 8pm. General Admission ; Vip Tickets are available. ;VIP BOOTHS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!!", "George Roger Waters is an English musical performer, artist, musician and songwriter . He was the founder of Pink Floyd and co-lead vocalist.He turned into the bands lyricist, vital musician and reasonable pioneer. In 1990, he arranged one of the biggest and generally unrestrained shake shows in history, The Wall &ndash; Live in Berlin, with an official participation of 200,000.Buy tickets for Roger Waters concert at Wembley Stadium London, UK from 13th September with Premier Events. Purchase your Roger Waters tickets, call 020 7283 4040 or book online.https://www.premierevents.co.uk/music/roger-waters-tickets/roger-waters-the-wall-live-tickets/wembley-stadium-football-london-gb-tickets/14-09-2013-006212.aspx", "", "", "", "includes Plimoth Plantation, Plimoth Grist Mill ; Mayflower II Dockside Exhibit This ticket is valid for entry starting at 9 AM.", ";FAQs;What;happens in the;Modification Workshop?With the assistance of a Modifcation Specialist, We;will be prequalifying homeowners for a loan modification, preparing documents, and faxing modification packages to your lender.;Why should I attend the workshop?When attending the workshop, the modification specialist will prequalify you for the type of modification you qualify for. You will also;be provided follow up questions and techniques to track the progress of your;modification, as well as to overcome obstacles if needed.All participants will also become a automatic member in our modification database to keep notes and records of all calls to your lender, and you will access to resources be able to upload documents in the database in one area for;additional;faxing.All neccesay documents for your modification package will be provided and completed in the workshop.;What do I need to bring to the Modification Workshop?;DOCUMENTS NEEDED:Proof Of Income Last 2 Paystubs -; Lease Agreements - SSI Award Letter- etc.2012 Tax Returns Signed ; DatedLast 2 Months Bank Statements All PagesOPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:Mortgage Statement OptionalProperty Tax Bill OptionalHomeowners Insurance Declaration Page OptionalOriginal Loan Documents Optional;Note: All other documents for the loan modification will be provided and completed in the workshop.RMA - 4606T - Financial Form - Hardship Letter - Profit ; Loss Statements - Etc.;What if I have a Sale/Auction Date Pending?In many cases we may be able to stop or postpone pending sale/auction dates during the modification process.;Is my registration/ticket transferrable?Yes. The ticket is transferrable if the office is notified prior to attending the Modification Workshop.;Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?Yes. The modification workshops;are \"Registered Participants Only\".;Do you accept walk-ins?Yes. However there will be additional;$250 charge for walk-ins if there is;available space after the all the registered participants.;What is the refund policy?In the event that you cant attend your;scheduled modification workshop, You may attend another modification workshop or transfer your ticket to;another person.Note: Be sure to notify the office of the transferred ticket 24 hrs prior to the schedule workshop date.;May I bring another person to the worshop?Yes. For an additonal $150 if the person in;on the mortgage.;A new ticket has to be purchased at full charge for all other participants.", "L&rsquo;Instant Conte &agrave; lalliance Franco-marocaine de Safi;Tous les samedis &agrave; 11h. :Les enfants et les adolescents sont attendus pour venir &eacute;couter les histoires racont&eacute;es par la;m&eacute;diath&eacute;caire.;", "DONATION GET THROUGH HERE THANK YOU FOR ALL POORGOD BLESS YOU", "Stehpl&auml;tze zu KC Rebells Konzert morgen ! In Frankfurt, alte Halle.", "", "Come Celebrate With The Winners of Super Bowl XLV .::DREAM CATCHER ENT ; CDR Enterprises::.PresentMICHAEL VICKS*SUPER BOWL XLV FINALE*Sunday Feb. 6, 2011 10pm - 4:30amMusic By DJ DRAMASpecial Guests | RICK ROSS | REGGIE BUSH | NE-YO*THIS IS THE PARTY YOU DONT WANT TO MISS*Early Arrival * Bottle Service * Advance TicketsStrongly Recommended for Supreme Party ExperienceDress Code: Ladies Classy - Chic | Gentlemen GQ - HandsomeWe Reserve The Right To Be Selective 21+Premier New Venue | Multiple Bar ; Lounge Areas | Premium Bottle Service | Plenty of Parking | ValetFOR MORE INFO OR TABLE RESERVATIONSwww.CDRENTERPRISE.net / info@CDRENTERPRISE.net LUXURY LIFESTYLE *All sales are final. Refunds will be issued if the event is cancelled.", "Please arrive 10-15mins before the event startsDietary requirments can be added on the next page, please also note any allergiesPlease see map on this page for address and directionsSpittoons will be available for those that do not wish to drink too much or may be drivingYour ticket will only admit one person, please ensure further tickets are booked for further guests10 Wines will be available to taste throughout the eventIf you wish to take notes feel free to bring a notebookA PDF overview of the experience will be emailed to you after the event for your referencePlease contact us at anytime if you have any questions or would like to change your bookingbooking@ultimatewine.co.ukWe are looking forward to taking you on an exciting wine adventure.The ExperienceUnderstanding your tastes Individual taste test to help you get a better understanding of your personal taste preferences. This can be very revealing. Smell and sense awareness An interesting look at a wide range of aromas to help you recognise the fragrances of various wines. This will help you pick out the aromas of wines you like the most.How it got there! A fresh and fun look at how the stuff got into your glass, minus the boring waffle.How to taste the stuff! Tried and tested and also new methods that will help you sniff out better wine. Buying advice You dont always have to spend more but it helps if you know what you are looking for and how your wine is priced. This will enable you to seek out bargains and enjoy higher quality at better value.Blind tasting A chance to put what you have learnt into practice, watch out for the curve balls! Food and wine matching Opinion wavers on clear rights and wrongs when it comes to food and wine matching, but certain flavors bring out the best in each other, let us introduce you to some really tasty food and some great wine.Chocolate ; Wine We have developed an interesting look at how certain dark chocolate and wine can be a match made in heaven. You decide! The White wine journey Let us take you on a journey around the wine producing world, old and new, dry and sweet.The Red wine discovery Light and fruity, ripe and juicy, rich and jammy or the big bombers, lets put your personal taste profile to the test and find out your perfect match.", "This Is One Of My Last Projects That Im Doing In Louisiana, Please Dont Miss OutA lot of potential clients in Baton Rouge ; surrounding areas have not worked with me yet so THIS IS YOUR CHANCE!!!!Im Giving Back On This Special Project. Not Only You Are Getting Professional Quality Images, You Are Getting UNLIMITED Looks for 1 PRICE!It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you book your shoot in advanceTHIS IS AN INDOOR ; ON LOCATION SHOOT WITH LIGHTING, BACKGROUND, ETC.Time April 5Themes: Pin-Ups | Alter Egos | Headshots | Portraits | Editorial | Magazine, High End | Nude if agreed upon me and the client Senior Photos | Commercial | Fashion | Boudoir | BikiniAll Shoots Includes100+ ShotsMake-Up5 Retouched Photos Per LookAll Edited ; Unedited Images On CDContact Info:Facebook.com/tyrellbanksTwitter @thatcoolkiddtEmail: tyrellb31@gmail.com&lt;iframe title=\"YouTube video player\" width=\"480\" height=\"390\" src=\"http://www.youtube.com/embed/hpFjV1nCzq0\" frameborder=\"0\" allowfullscreen&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "", "Holiday Jazz ; FashionGala WelcomeFormer Oasis ListenersSunday, December 4, 2011Show Line UPDoors open at 5:00 - 9:00pm5:00 Fashion Show - \"Syles by Miles\"Invited Jazz ArtistFingerprints - Smooth Jazz Bandwww.fingerprintsband.comFreddie Jones - Trombone PlayerDavid Carr Jr. - Saxophonisthttp://www.davidcarrjr.com/\"All Seasoned Artist Music Played on Oasis\"", "YOU KNOW HOW IT GOES DOWN EVERY FRIDAY... WALL TO WALL AND THIS STEP SHOW WEEKEND FRIDAY NIGHT WE GOING TO HAVE PEOPLE STANDING ON THE CEILING.. NO DRESS CODE FOR THIS SPECIAL OCCASION. DRINK SPECIALS ALL NIGHT.. LADIES FREE AND DRINKING FREE TIL 11:30PM MAKE SURE YOUR HERE EARY!! GET EXCLUSIVE SKIPLINE ADMISSION BY TEXTING \"STEPSHOW\" TO 99000.. CLUB STATUS ON FRIDAY NIGHT, STEPSHOW WEEKEND, ONE OF THE BIGGEST FRIDAYS IN THE COUNTRY... SPECIAL CELEBRITY NFL GUEST, BIG BUD, FELLA, SKIPLINE EVENTS, SEE FLYER FOR MORE INFO.. THIS IS ONE EVENT YOU DONT WANT TO MISS.. FOR MORE INFO CALL 205453-2547 OR TEXT \"STEPSHOW\" TO 99000", "TODAYS LIVE Conference Call is scheduled for 9:30pm ET. The dial in number 213-226-0400 code 465905", "", "At Triangle Health ; Fitness Club;birmingham;East Kilbride we pride ourselves on the warm, friendly atmosphere that we offer to all of our members and guests alongside an impressive;list of fitness facilities;Swimming Lessons ,and;group exercise classes.", "", "VIP Mayfair ;pride ourselves in providing exceptional service to our VIP Members with a priority and highest of standards. At VIP Mayfair Luxury services we believe that no task is accomplished unless it exceeds your expectations.Exclusive;and;private, our services are endowed with the ultimate luxury experience. Live like a king while our professional personnel prepare a world of perfect relaxation.From luxury villas rentals, private jets and yachts charters, bespoke trip planning to corporate hospitality, entertainment concierge and more, we are here to personalize every experience to make it yours.Our Event Managers have been working hard and throwing some amazing parties for our members at various hotspots in London, Ibiza and Monaco.;With our members high demand we have decided to throw a private party for our members only. At the Amazing Intercontinental Penthouse. We have booked the whole penthouse and has granted us with permission to have our Londons favourite DJ Bob Marmot.;Tickets are very limited and are for members only. Members will be sent a special link by email to the tickets website.Canapes and drinks will be served all evening.&pound;100 per person.&pound;500 Table  inlcludes 4 tickets and your own table with a bottle of champagne If you want to book a table for 10 please call Ryan on;07466863644;", "", "The Leader's 5-Step Guide to Conflict ResolutionWe often only find out if our plans and training really work when called upon for real. our training focuses on incident reduction and we dont leave things to chance. We help you test understanding and teamwork through real world scenarios and rehearsal.This workshop for organizations is a 7hr intense learning and growth plus meals provided. Although they are open to the general public, these are generally attended by entrepreneurs, executives, managers, and professionals who want to make a positive difference. They are especially effective when attended by multiple team members within your organization. They include the following elements:Guided, Interactive LecturesReadingsGroup DiscussionDialogue Between Team Members of Your OrganizationSimulations extreme exercises where participants develop leadership skills in a controlled settingKeynote Addressesand lots more...you could buy tickets for members of your organisation as there are only limited spaces available.its PS60 per person plus meal.", "its d banj in coventry, its all about oliver twist and kanye west, be there. its going on in palms coventry.", "FEE includes the following:Entrance FeeFood and SnackAccomodation;Bring your Tickets!;", "", "", "KASH KONCEPTS PRESENTS: RESOLUTION \"Year End Concert ; Afterparty\"Come celebrate with us as we start your weekend off bidding farewell to 2012@ CLUB ILLUSIONS - 260 So. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94306DOORS OPENS @ 9PMDOORS CLOSE @ 2AM21+ EVENTPRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE @ http://kashkonceptsresolution..com/3 of the hottest Bay Area artist will be hitting the stage in one BIG night performing their hit songs:Kafani \"She Ready Now\"Love Rance \"Up\"Clyde Carson \"Slow Down\"**********Special Celebrity Guest DJ Cookz of BETs 106 ; Park will be in the Mix***********Supported By:DJ Brandon BaileyPro Hoe Zak performing his new single \"Cookie Drip\"HOSTED BY:Arie RoseFlyyy ThaiPersonal Touch Ent.SonnimaeThe After Five NetworkRSVP Bottle Service:KashKoncepts@gmail.com/415-295-KASHFREE GIFT BAG with BOTTLE SERVICEDRESS CODE STRICTLY ENFORCED!!!NO HATS! NO WHITE Ts! NO ATHLETIC FOOTWEAR! NO EXCEPTIONS! Sponsored by Simpkins ; Chiang Investment Capitol ", "\"Most people believe it will never happen to them, get trained and be there when it really matters!\"We believe it is important that everyone especially parents and other carers of children have at least a basic knowledge of First Aid so that you can be a help to yourself or others that may be injured. The chances of someone recovering more easily, or even surviving an accident or injury can be greatly improved if someone immediately uses first aid knowledge to help assist them.Our fun and informative workshop can help you make that first step to learning basic first aid which is a great life skill to have. Although this particular workshop is not certified it will give you the basic skills, knowledge and confidence to respond in an emergency situation and can serve as a taster to see if you want to continue your training and complete a fully certified first aid course.At this workshop all participants are made to feel welcome and fully integrated into the session by using a variety of proven training strategies which include videos, role play, games, practical sessions, quizzes and open discussion; this ensures you not only learn in a way that is best suited to you and enjoy yourself whilst doing so.FAQsQ. Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event? A. Yesdue to the nature of this workshop it is strictly 16yrs + please bring some form of photo ID i.e. driving license or passport. Q. What are my transport/parking options getting to the event? A. Bus:267, 237, 391, 65, Rail: Gunnersbury 10 minute walk Kew Bridge Station 5 minute walkTube:Gunnersbury Tube 10 minute walk Chiswick Park Tube 17 minute walk Car: M4 High Road North Circluar Road. Parking:There is plenty of car parking available directly outside the centre. Q. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? A. Email info@thinktankconsultancy.com or call 0844 776 1670. Q. Can I update my ticket/registration information? A. Yes, you can update your information up until 30mins before the workshop starts. Q. Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the workshop? A. Yes, a valid printed ticket will be required to gain entry into the workshop. Q. What is the refund policy? Canceled Workshop - If your workshop is canceled, in most cases you wont need to do a thing: well inform you of the cancellation and refund the amount you paid for your tickets Replacement Tickets - If your ticket/s is lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed, please contact us and we will be happy to help.Refunds and Exchanges - All tickets for workshops are fully refundable up until24 hoursprior to the workshop commences. Q. The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay? A. No, the name of the ticket must match the attendee We will always try to accommodate you if possible, so if you have a problem with youre booking please dont hesitate to contact us.", "18th Annual Rocky Mountain Bankruptcy ConferenceIWIRC Program - Ethics in Bankruptcy CasesPresenters:Jennifer Salisbury, Moderator - Markus Williams Young ; Zimmermann LLC, DenverTommy Georgelas -Snow, Christensen ; Mantineau, Salt Lake CityR. Kimball Mosier - U.S. Bankruptcy Court D. Utah, Salt Lake CityProf. Nancy B. Rapoport - William S. Boyd School of Law University of Nevada, Las Vegas", "", "", "Connections Market Dating promises to be the new evolution of interpersonal relationships. Unlike other dating websites, CMD will utilize the best in academic and professional relationship specialist. Competitor websites match people up based on flawed tactics. CMD will ensure that the best and most effective methods of matching are utilized for dating. Help us build this new relationship network.", "The weekend is finally here, party till you cant party no more with DJ Crunch, Don Jazzy and DJ Skillz.; 10pm - 5pm. Be there or miss out;Not to be missed;LUSH CLUB, BIRMINGHAM, B1 1LXContact Numbers : 07761044613, 07761044621;You must be 18 or overDress to impress, no hoodies or trainersFree parking spaceTicket at the door is &pound;35 standard and &pound;55 VIP;;Catch you there", "We have realised that there is no where to really have fun on a Friday night in Leicester. So we have created this new event for you. Lets party hard and let loose. This event will take place every Fridayz; brace yourselves and drink as much as you want. Shots of Sambuca will be riduculously cheap @ &pound;0.50p till 12am and only &pound;2 after 12am.There are two options to gain entry into FridayzonMarzVisit us @ FridayzonMarz@.co.uk to purchase your tickets online. We have limited earlybird tickets @ &pound;10 and Standard tickets @ &pound;15. If you have not bought your ticket, prepare to pay more @ the door Management prefers you pay @ the door :There are currently no VIP tickets but we are currently working on bringing you the best of the best.Visit our website: Fridayzonmarz.co.ukGeneral enquiries: admin@fridayzonmarz.co.ukAny problems with tickets? Email us: ticket@fridayzonmarz.co.uk", "", "", ";Save Your Home;;What is;a Loan Modification?Whether you call it a loan modification, mortgage modification, restructuring, or workout plan, it&rsquo;s when a borrower &mdash; who is facing great financial hardship and is having difficulty making their mortgage payments &mdash; works with their lender to change the terms of their mortgage loan.Take advantage of the available loan modification programs to re-structure your loan into a better one.Due to the complexity of the loan modification process, its best to work with a experienced third party to assist you with completing;the documents.;You may;get APPROVED;for a;Loan Modification regardless of?Credit ScoreLate PaymentsPreviously Denied ModificationScheduled Auction DateEtc.Why should I apply for a Loan Modification:Get Out Of Foreclosure;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Lower Your Interest RateLower Your Monthly Payments;;;;;;;;Reduce Your Principle Mortgage;Why should I attend a Loan Modification Workshop?With the assistance of a Modification Specialist,;you;will be prequalified to;\"Get Approved\";for a Loan Modification.The specialist will assist you with the complete modification package to be;faxed to your lender during the workshop.For Fannie Mae; and Freddie Mac Government-sponsored Loans and;FHA*,;Conventional**,;VA***;investor-owned Loans;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Making Home Affordable Guidelines HAMP;;Note: In many cases, the modification package sent to lenders by homeowners,;fail to;pre-qualify.;How long does it take to get approved for a Loan Modification?It can take;as long as;90 to 120 days or more before a decision is made on you modification.;However, that time can be;reduced substantially by attending the workshop and learning the inside techiniques.;What if I have a Sale/Auction Date Pending?There are many options to Stop a Sale/ Auction Date. In many cases we may be able to stop or postpone pending sale/auction dates during the modification process. In most workshops there will staff if you need further assistance.;What if;I filed;Bankruptcy?In many cases even though a homeowner has filed bankrupcy depending on the type, still needs a modification to lower their interest rate, monthly payments, capitalize back payments or reduce principle mortgage.Note: You will learn how bankruptcy works with modifications inside the workshop.;Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?Yes. The modification workshops;are \"Registered Participants Only\". Walkins will receive a ticket at the workshop.;Is my registration/ticket transferrable?Yes. The ticket is transferrable if the office is notified prior to attending the Modification Workshop.;May I bring another person to the workshop?Yes. The additonal ticket will be discounted to ONLY;$99; to;co-borrower;on the mortgage.;Note: Please bring mortgage statement with co-borrower name.;Do you accept walk-ins?Yes. There will be;an additonal;$50;added to the;regular $299 modification workshop price;. Walk-ins will ONLY be accepted if there is available space after the registered participants.;What is the refund policy?You may attend;the next scheduled;modification workshop or you may transfer your ticket to;another person, in the event that you cant attend your;scheduled modification workshop.Note: Be sure to notify the office of the transferred ticket 24 hrs prior to the scheduled workshop date.;What do I need to bring to the Modification Workshop?DOCUMENTS NEEDED:Proof Of Income Last 2 Paystubs -; Lease Agreements - SSI Award Letter- etc.2012 Tax Returns Signed ; DatedLast 2 Months Bank Statements All Pages;Note: All other documents for the loan modification will be provided and completed in the workshop.RMA - 4606T - Financial Form - Hardship Letter - Profit ; Loss Statements - Etc.;OPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:Mortgage Statement OptionalProperty Tax Bill OptionalHomeowners Insurance Declaration Page OptionalOriginal Loan Documents Optional;Classrooms may range from;5 to;30 participants per;workshop.;Completed;Modification Packages will be faxed in the workshop.", ";FAQs;What;happens in the;Modification Workshop?With the assistance of a Modifcation Specialist, We;will be prequalifying homeowners for a loan modification, preparing documents, and faxing modification packages to your lender.;Why should I attend the workshop?When attending the workshop, the modification specialist will prequalify you for the type of modification you qualify for. You will also;be provided follow up questions and techniques to track the progress of your;modification, as well as to overcome obstacles if needed.All participants will also become a automatic member in our modification database to keep notes and records of all calls to your lender, and you will access to resources be able to upload documents in the database in one area for;additional;faxing.All neccesay documents for your modification package will be provided and completed in the workshop.;What do I need to bring to the Modification Workshop?;DOCUMENTS NEEDED:Proof Of Income Last 2 Paystubs -; Lease Agreements - SSI Award Letter- etc.2012 Tax Returns Signed ; DatedLast 2 Months Bank Statements All PagesOPTIONAL DOCUMENTS:Mortgage Statement OptionalProperty Tax Bill OptionalHomeowners Insurance Declaration Page OptionalOriginal Loan Documents Optional;Note: All other documents for the loan modification will be provided and completed in the workshop.RMA - 4606T - Financial Form - Hardship Letter - Profit ; Loss Statements - Etc.;What if I have a Sale/Auction Date Pending?In many cases we may be able to stop or postpone pending sale/auction dates during the modification process.;Is my registration/ticket transferrable?Yes. The ticket is transferrable if the office is notified prior to attending the Modification Workshop.;Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?Yes. The modification workshops;are \"Registered Participants Only\".;Do you accept walk-ins?Yes. However there will be additional;$250 charge for walk-ins if there is;available space after the all the registered participants.;What is the refund policy?In the event that you cant attend your;scheduled modification workshop, You may attend another modification workshop or transfer your ticket to;another person.Note: Be sure to notify the office of the transferred ticket 24 hrs prior to the schedule workshop date.;May I bring another person to the worshop?Yes. For an additonal $150 if the person in;on the mortgage.;A new ticket has to be purchased at full charge for all other participants.", "Arctic Monkeys are an English indie rock band. Formed in 2002 in High Green, a suburb of Sheffield, the band currently consists of Alex Turner lead vocals, Lead/rhythm guitar, Jamie Cook rhythm/lead guitar, Nick OMalley bass guitar, backing vocals and Matt Helders drums, percussion, backing vocals. Former members include Andy Nicholson bass guitar, backing vocals and Glyn Jones lead vocals, rhythm guitar.", "indepedence day bashment", "Gold Parties by Gold Rush GirlsCome SELL your old, unwanted, broken gold and platinum jewelry!MAKE MONEY INSTEAD OF SPENDING MONEY!;Get paid the night of the party!Family-owned business.Bring a friend, shell leave with cash too!", "", "EDINBORO BORO WEEKEND PARTY!! MAY 1ST***NO LINE NO WAIT***PASS UP THE LONG LINE AND GET IN FAST!!!!*****NO LINE NO WAIT TICKET!!!!!", "Toronto Tech Meetup is a gathering of the GTA tech community, with cool demos and short presentations about new technologies. The objective is to show new approaches, broaden perspectives and connect people in the community. Topics are fairly broad and may cover the latest web 2.0 beta projects, biotechnology experiments, green tech, media-art installations, tech startups, a line of code from an API, and social and political projects related to technology.From Montreal, Vancouver or even Chicago, and visiting Toronto. No problem. We want to see what youre working on too.The meetup takes place once every month. Each presentation is 10 minutes long, with an additional 5-10 minutes for questions. The intent is to keep things short and sweet: a maximum of five presentations will be scheduled on any given night. After the demos, people get a chance to socialize, chat with the presenters and each other.So what do you have to do to get involved? Have an innovative technology you want to share with a like-minded group of people ... and a passion for getting involved in building an entrepreneurial community.To cover costs of the event, we're charging a $599 fee for VIP tickets. VIP tickets are best suited for startups intending to pitch their projects to our in-house angel investors. This is a great value for your money because seed funding usually happen before the event blows over!P.S. This event isnt for everyone, so, ticket are open to only a select few of recommended people.See you there!", "This Is One Of My Last Projects That Im Doing In Louisiana, Please Dont Miss OutA lot of potential clients in Baton Rouge ; surrounding areas have not worked with me yet so THIS IS YOUR CHANCE!!!!Im Giving Back On This Special Project. Not Only You Are Getting Professional Quality Images, You Are Getting UNLIMITED Looks for 1 PRICE!It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you book your shoot in advanceTime April 5Themes: Pin-Ups | Alter Egos | Headshots | Portraits | Editorial | Magazine, High End | Nude if agreed upon me and the client Senior Photos | Commercial | Fashion | Boudoir | BikiniAll Shoots Includes100+ ShotsMake-UpHair stylist If Preferred3 Retouched Photos Per LookAll Edited ; Unedited Images On CDContact Info:Facebook.com/tyrellbanksTwitter @thatcoolkiddtEmail: tyrellb31@gmail.com", "The Russell Consulting Group would like to invite you to become a part of the Christian Business Interchange CBI.; To interchange is to give and receive mutually and that is what we are all about.;We will be meeting once a month. Our first date was; August 4, 2011.; If you are interested in attending or if you want more information, please contact us. III.;;;;;;;;; CBI Information;A.; Objectives and Purposes1.;;;; The objectives and purposes of the CBI are as follows:2.;;;; To provide an avenue for the development of friendships, relationships and fellowship among Christian business owners, professionals and managers 3.;;;; To develop and maintain a support among the members through mutual understanding and esteem.4.;;;; To provide an atmosphere for teaching godly principles of business.5.;;;; To provide a vehicle for the exchange of information e.g., keynote speakers, special group sessions, plan an employee enrichment &ldquo;outreach&rdquo;, provide a job fair, etc..6.;;;; To help business owners increase their business 7.;;;; To create a resource for those seeking to do business with, or employment by, Christian-owned businesses.8.;;;; To develop a page on the web site for communications and information regarding the group&rsquo;s plans.9.;;;; Establish Business Prayer Teams.10.; To foster Christian ethical standards in business and our professions so that God will be glorified and there will be honor, integrity and mutual advantage in our dealings with one another and with others.;B.; MeetingsAfter a couple of meetings the group will determine the time, and the number of meetings per month.; The initial costs of the meetings will be paid by A God Send Ministries, Inc. until we are able to have sponsors.;C.; AttendanceThere is no attendance requirement.; We believe that if you are being blessed and your business is growing because of the information that is being shared, not only will you attend, but you will bring others as well.; We;encouraged you to come and;bring guests to the meetings. ;There is no requirement to be a member of AGSM to be a part of CBI.;", "Welcome5th Annual Earth Transformation Conference: Igniting the Inner Spark Additional seminars before and afterDec 29, 2010 -Feb 28, 2011 sessionFeaturing: Bracohttp://earthtransformation.com/", "Santa Cruz Cannabis Harvest FestivalSaturday Oct 27-28, 2012 With Camping!!! Camping is included with VIP Tickets OnlyA unique community gathering of local dispensaries, growers and patients coming together to unite, celebrate, learn and enjoy the time of harvest.* Best Harvest Awards Private Party* Industry Professionals Meet ; Greet* Educational Lessons* Guest Speakers ; Friends* Unique Entertainment* Demos and Exhibits* Patient Care* Dedicated Services* End of the Evening Awards* Goodtimes ; Friends UniteFOR VIP TICKET HOLDERS * Awards Judging * Tastings Booth * Hash ; Oil Bar * Edibles Table * Vapor Lounge * AAA Grade Meds * BBQ Foods ; Snacks *Camping!!!Space is limited and will sell out early, so purchase your tickets early!This event is for adult patients with a current and valid recommendation from a California doctor to use medical marijuana.You will need to be pre-verified prior to the event, as well as show your recommendation along with a valid California ID to enter the event.Space is limited so please purchase your tickets early.", "", "Presented by David Marsh, David Wilkin and Chris Churchouse, MMP LimitedBackground and Objectives Prior to these courses the only training available for programme and project support staff consisted of short introductions to the PSO or Project Management training of which the PSO was but a small element. Whilst useful,this does not provide the PSO professional with the in depth training in all the components and processes of programme and project support that is vital if the PSO is to provide value added services.Nor does it provide a relevant professional recognition of their skills.The aim of this course is to provide the Programme and Project Support Professional with comprehensive training in the techniques,processes and supporting infrastructure needed to develop and provide effective programme and project support,with ISEB accreditationAdvanced Level Course ContentsThe Programme and Project Lifecycle-Why and how an organisation commissions the contents of its portfolios of programmes and projects.The role of the Programme and Project Requester and the Programme and Project Sponsor-Why they are needed and what they provide.The Role of the Master Plan Committee-The role and the function of the Master Plan Committee and why it is vital to the organisation.Programme and Project Management Methods-Why they are needed and their composition.Progress Reporting and Timesheet Systems-The different type of progress reporting and timesheet systems and how to select the right one.Dealing with Business as Usual and Non-Project Work-why this needs to be dealt with by the PSO and how to do it.Advanced Business Case Techniques-Allowing or Uncertainty and RisksOther Programme and Project Support Services-The other services the PSO could provideThe PSO terms of Reference and Business Care-how to design and implement appropriate Terms of Reference for the PSO.Designing a PSO-The recommended process for designing a PSO that meets the organisations needs.Project Support Tools-The types and ranges of tools available and how to select the right oneSelling the PSO to the Organisation-How to sell the PSO to the organisation at its start up and through its lifetime.Plus Case StudiesWho Should AttendThe Advanced Course is for:Those who have successfully completed the foundation level and passed the examination. This is a pre-requiste for the advance level courseProgramme ; Project Support Office Managers with two years relevant experience.Programme ; Project Support Office Consultants", "JOIN USFASHION NIGHT OUT 2011 EVENT!SAVE THE DATE!MORE INFO COMING YOUR WAY!", "4 Rounds of Game/30 minutesEF: $85 $80 LACC membPrizes: Trophies top 3; Medals next 3 the rest Disney prizes. - FREE class- FREE Pizza/soda/cookie- FREE street and BOA parkingParking: Free streets", "COLD SWEAT MIAMI 2012 JULY 19-22,2012 THE WAIT IS FINALLY OVER $45 COLD SWEAT MIAMI ALL ACCESS PASS BUY ONE PASS GET ONE PASS FREE;ONLY A LIMITED AMOUNT OF PASS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT THIS PRICEIT ncludes PRIORITY admission to ALL WEEKEND EVENTS including the daytime and nighttime parties n beach party PLUS THE YACHT PARTY AND MORE........", "Houston Management limited presentsPopSWAGGAHits2012An innovativeshow featuringheavy weights in the music industry, vibrant and full of adrenaline withmuch excitingentertainment for the audience. This concertis predominantly Naija Jamz with joints from South Africa, Ghana, Zimbabwe and Angola. Hear all the club bangers aswell as the upcomers making buzz on the streets of lagos!1 Intro Dr.Sid, Bracket, Kas, Bigiano, DJ Zeez, Danny Young, Pascalle, Marlon Binns, Kenyatta Fire, Tunde Phoenix, Webb.2 Wizkid ft DPrince - Wadup3 BigBoyz Allstars ft Ice Prince - Se N Gbomi4 Flavour Nabania - Nwa Baby Ashawo Remix5 P-Square - Gimme Dat6 M.I ft Waje - One Naira7 DIS Guise ft Omo Akin - Punchline8 Duncan Mighty - Obianuju9 Simple Sam - Biakene***************************See you for the biggest bash of the century.Dont miss out!!!!", "Office Space meets Scarface in this hilarious comic romp! In Channeling Kevin Spacey we meet Charlie, a meek pushover stuck in a dead end job and a loveless relationship. After a particularly soul-squashing day at work, Charlie has an epiphany and resolves to change his life. Fans of Kevin Spacey and Al Pacino are in for a treat as Charlies adventure channels the characters of both actors, triggering devastating and hilarious confrontations.History of the Show Channeling Kevin Spacey \"CKS\" is the brainchild of Elan Wolf Farbiarz and Cory Terry. In 2008 the show made its debut at the Winnipeg Fringe Festival, where it promptly sold out each show and garnered the prestigious \"Best of Fest\" award. Following its success in Winnipeg, CKS was accepted into the largest theatre festival in North America, The Edmonton Fringe. In Edmonton, CKS again played to packed houses and, after being held over, won another \"Best of Fest\" award. The show went on to win the same honor at the 2009 Toronto Fringe Festival.", "The time has come back round.. Come celebrate with us as we bring in and introduce the Ideas of 2012 that will bring us into the new millenium. Please note only in the all access VIP is area corporate consulting is permitted;MonaVie juice was launched in January 2005 by MLM company Monarch Health Sciences, founded in 2003 as a distributor of diet and weight loss supplements. Also in 2005, the executives of Monarch founded MonaVie LLC/MonaVie Inc., a privately-held MLM company based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The newly formed company took over the bottling, distribution, and marketing of MonaVie juice products. Both Monarch Health Sciences and MonaVie, Inc. were founded by Dallin Larsen, who graduated from Brigham Young University with a B.S. degree in finance.[15] Larsen previously held senior executive positions with the MLM companies Dynamic Essentials and Usana. According to company sources, MonaVie juice was developed by Ralph E. Carson, now the companys Chief Science Officer. MonaVie also owns and operates a charity organization, the MORE Project", "", "MARTINI BAND LIVE10.3.2012. @ GRIMZOC BAR BESPLATNO PICE DOBRODOSLICE!!!;ULAZ 18+", "Up-Top Communications Presents The Spring Concert Series.Live in Concert C-4", "\"FUTURE\" MR. *******TONY MONTANA***** PERFORMING LIVE @ G5IVE 2NITE! TUESDAY MAY 1ST", "A playful, adults-only, cocktail reception to benefit Smith Memorial Playground ; Playhouse.;;Join us at Smith for plenty of play and lawn games, hors d&rsquo;oeuvres from Pitruco Pizza, The Mini Trini, La Marqueza, and Buttercream food trucks, cocktails from The Farmers&rsquo; Cabinet, a silent auction, surprise guests, and...;the presentation of the 2012 Ida Newman Magic of Play Award to Christine Piven and Catherine Barrett, creators of FreePlay on the Parkway, Philadelphia&rsquo;s newest playground that exemplifies the values that have guided Smith for over 100 years", "Interested in iPhone application development? Want to become a mobile entrepreneur? Learn to write iPhone Applications using Objective-C and the Cocoa Touch framework! The goal of this class is to get you through the learning curve of iPhone development: to give you the confidence and knowledge you need to branch out on your own. Topics we will cover include:Objective-CXCode and DebuggingCocoa Touch View and Controller ClassesInterface Builder and Application FlowFetching and Storing Data: disk, database, and web servicesBy the end of the event you will have written your own native iPhone application.RequirementsApplication development experience in any language.Experience with C-Style memory management highly recommended but not requiredAn Intel Mac highly recommended but not required", "", "", "", "", "FIND YOUR VOICE AND SPEAK TO LEAD WITH FELA DUROTOYE A FOUNDATION COURSE FOR ASPIRING PUBLIC SPEAKERScourse fee:$50 per personvip:$200 per person Includes course material, book and refreshmentOne on One meetingPrime sitting;Autograph book by felaTickets will be emailed after confirmation of payment;Details and Inquiry: Micheal websterTelephone:6477180046Email:matrixlogistic@yahoo.com;Registered members only ;", "ITS OFFICIAL, THE STREETS HAVE COSIGNED ONE OF THE BIGGEST AFTER PARTY CONCERTS OF THE YEAR, AND ITS ALL GOING DOWN AT CLUB LIT. THIS EVENT IS GUARANTEED TO SELL OUT, ALL OF THE TICKETS ARE ALREADY DOWN TO THE LAST COUPLE, TAKE ADVANTAGE NOW WHILE YOU CAN!!!;THE BADDEST B!TCH MISS TRINA WILL BE LIVE IN THE HUILDING, ONE NIGHT AND ONE SHOW ONLY!!WE HAVE ALL OF THE HOTTEST PROMTERS IN THE CITY, SPECIAL FSU NFL ALUMNI EXCLUSIVE OGING DOWN IN VIP, THE HOTTEST DEJAYS, THE SEXIEST WOMEN IN THE STATE.. MAKE SURE YOUR HERE EARLY!! FOR MORE INFO CALL 205-453-2547;", "\"Most people believe it will never happen to them, get trained and be there when it really matters!\"We believe it is important that everyone especially parents and other carers of children have at least a basic knowledge of First Aid so that you can be a help to yourself or others that may be injured. The chances of someone recovering more easily, or even surviving an accident or injury can be greatly improved if someone immediately uses first aid knowledge to help assist them.Our fun and informative workshop can help you make that first step to learning basic first aid which is a great life skill to have. Although this particular workshop is not certified it will give you the basic skills, knowledge and confidence to respond in an emergency situation and can serve as a taster to see if you want to continue your training and complete a fully certified first aid course.At this workshop all participants are made to feel welcome and fully integrated into the session by using a variety of proven training strategies which include videos, role play, games, practical sessions, quizzes and open discussion; this ensures you not only learn in a way that is best suited to you and enjoy yourself whilst doing so.FAQsQ. Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event? A. Yes due to the nature of this workshop it is strictly 16yrs + please bring some form of photo ID i.e. driving license or passport. Q. What are my transport/parking options getting to the event? A. Bus:267, 237, 391, 65, Rail: Gunnersbury 10 minute walk Kew Bridge Station 5 minute walkTube:Gunnersbury Tube 10 minute walk Chiswick Park Tube 17 minute walk Car: M4 High Road North Circluar Road. Parking:There is plenty of car parking available directly outside the centre. Q. How can I contact the organiser with any questions? A. Email info@thinktankconsultancy.com or call 0844 776 1670. Q. Can I update my ticket/registration information? A. Yes, you can update your information up until 30mins before the workshop starts. Q. Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the workshop? A. Yes, a valid printed ticket will be required to gain entry into the workshop. Q. What is the refund policy? Canceled Workshop - If your workshop is canceled, in most cases you wont need to do a thing: well inform you of the cancellation and refund the amount you paid for your tickets Replacement Tickets - If your ticket/s is lost, stolen, damaged, or destroyed, please contact us and we will be happy to help.Refunds and Exchanges - All tickets for workshops are fully refundable up until 24 hours prior to the workshop commences. Q. The name on the registration/ticket doesnt match the attendee. Is that okay? A. No, the name of the ticket must match the attendee We will always try to accommodate you if possible, so if you have a problem with youre booking please dont hesitate to contact us.", "musical jamboree for all music lovers", "After the success of a solid 365 days in the year 2012, we deserve as an individual and as a family to come together to celebrate and have fun ...for making it to the year 2013...Event, tickets are now on sale for the February SINGLES AND FAMILY FUN NIGHT with Italian antipasti and pasta. Last time over 50 people attended and the response was FANTASTIC. Some tweets on the event include....\"Brilliant night of nice food and a great events!\"\"Recommended for something different and good fun.\"\"Wonderful night of good food!!! That would make you to have more nights like this.\"\"Wow what a great night! Full of dancing, quiz and full entertainment.\"You will enjoydifferent types of Italian antipasti and Mexican homemade cheeses, bruschetta, wonderful cured meats and other delights.Nice Lounge's and very good environment that make difference from home, will make available the great Italian, Spanish wines and beers behind the bar which will go brilliantly with the food - this is an event not to be missed!", "Help us produce this incredible experience. The NYC Speed Dating Expose promises to be the event of the year. We plan to hold the event at 94 Houston Street New York. The event is scheduled for July 5 2013. This fund raising effort is needed for space rental, food, facilitation, security, and other accommodations. We plan to meet up regardless of the amount raised here. Yet the more money collected the more extravagant the event will be.", "You are cordially invited to join us for a once in a lifetime experience to join Academy; winner Morgan for an evening to remember in our efforts to support the \"Inner City Children&rsquo;s Advocacy Center.; Tuesday, January 29 2013 at Aquanox ;There will only 100 spaces available to our select pre invited guest.; RSVP at your earliest to join us.;All proceeds will be;donated to;support the efforts and stable continuation of our esteemed program.;For further information please feel free to email Arthur Taylorat;Arthur Taylor at <a", "Celebrates this wonderful holiday with the friends and family. Formally known as Washingtons Birthday, this national celebration, has been recognized traditionally by American families. At this event we invite American Families to come together in remembrance of past glory and in light of future glory. The Elkridge Club of Baltimore Maryland will host this spectacular event. There is something for everyone. Juniors can enjoy some miniature golf. Teenagers could mingle on the tennis courts converted to a outside dance floor. Young adults can enjoy the pool party. Adults will be able to chat buy our open bar. Come one, come all, bring your cheer. ;", ""]